title:          006
ID:             6
type:           md
compile:        2
charCount:      4435


-VALENTINES DAY 2017-
-16:36-

There’s a rattling on the other side of Chloe’s door, it slowly opens as the visitor lets themselves in.
―Oh is that you satan? Are you here to bring the sweet embrace of death? Asks Chloe with an incredibly horse voice.
―No it's worse: It's Butters. I'm guessing the hangover didn't get better? Butters asks as they place a bowl of soup on the bedside.
―Awwwh I'm really sorry babes, I really tried, I even only had 3 fag breaks today and everything.
Butters then had noticed Chloe's fur patches were still a little wet, annoyed they replied:
―Even tho you were sick and it's been raining all day, you didn't think to, oh I dunno, just not smoke any catnip today?
Chloe then slowly turns to Butters: Don't even joke about that, she says before slowly turning back away from Butters.
Butters, despite being a little annoyed, couldn't hide their disappointment about this development.
―So there's no way you can come out tonight? Like just go full Hair Of The Dog?
―I'm sorry, looks like Influenza already decided it was gonna have it's way with me this Valentines. Honestly I've had worse things feel me up on Valentines.
Ew. But Butters realised it was futile, they gave up trying to get Chloe out and just petted her head and pull up the covers on her bed.
―Don’t forget your soup, I put it on the bedside.
Chloe shuffles around so the bowl is barely in her eye line.
―Awwwwh Nutters… What kind is it?
―Just the regular pasta stuff, with the tuna poured in just how you like it.
―Awwwh Happy Bloody Valentines to me, that’s beautiful that
―No it’s not, it’s gross. A gross thing you invented. YOU’RE gross actually
Chloe weakly sticks her tounge out before turning with her back to Butters once again. Butters slouches slightly in that ‘I’ve decided to have a proper conversation with you actually’ kind of way as they glance to the ceiling.
―Um, I guess I’m sorry if I guilt tripped you, about missing out on tonight
Chloe shuffling back around, the entire way this time.
―Naaaaah you didn’t none, I know you were just excited about tonight.
Chloe then turns her head towards the ceiling too and continues:
―But man we’ve had some pretty mad ones on Valentine’s, I only had just thought about it today y’know?
―I think the one where we gate crashed the uni kids house parties was a personal highlight for me.
―Now now Butters, you’ve since been one of them ‘Uni students’ hence, you’re no better now. Reminds Chloe as they dramatically grab Butters sleeve; you’re a loser now too.
Butters yanks themselves from Chloe’s grip as the cat chuckles to herself before continuing:
―Was that the one where we got off with all them humans?
―Doesn’t really narrow it down Chloe.
―Yeah for you maybe, okay the FIRST time we got off with all them humans, coincidentally my LAST time I got off with any humans.
―That’ll be the one then yeah. Butters replies as they dip their finger in Chloe’s soup and lick off the sauce. I remember you were on them first-years within seconds of stepping in the place.
―Yeah wweelll, Chloe starts with smug tone in her voice. Them spoilt types get gobsmacked whenever they see other humans that don’t look exactly like them, let alone someone like me. Easy pickings.
Chloe then shuffles round to at least be facing the back of Butters head, in some attempts at eye contact.
―Who were that one you were macking that night anyways Butters?
Butters turns their head to face Chloe, however despite the eye contact it’s clear they were a million miles away.
―Oh man, her… Butters reminices, as a smile slowly creeps on their lips.
―That’s the speciest one that thinks all you Squirrel monsters are made of peanuts right?
Butters shoots a glare Chloe’s way.
―Well they may of had one teeny faux pas, after that they were cool tho.
―So cool they ghosted you within weeks huh?
Butters suddenly gets up from the bed.
―Okay well, I hope you choke on your fish bones or whatever. Butters barks back, almost annoyed Chloe wouldn't them keep their version of the Human unchallenged.
―Oh don’t be like that! I’m just warning you need to raise your standards for them humans you know. You give them an inch they’ll take that straight to Mars. Chloe says as she turns back around to face the wall.
Butters was sure that wasn’t a real expression, but appreciated their friends' concern regardless. With a heavy sigh they lean over and give Chloe a peck on her head before leaving the Kitty to literally lie in the bed she’s made for herself.