title:          013
ID:             13
type:           md
compile:        2
charCount:      4863


―So you're on the pull essentially? Asks Ideas
―Not just the pull, fer ta 'sapians specifically? Gor' Probes.
―Well when you say like that you make it sound like I'm gonna drag them to mine and skin them for a rug or something. Complains Butters.
The other two Monsters laugh, but Butters can tell they were just teasing, even if they deep down believe this is how the hierarchy should be. They continue:
―It's just something I've done for every Valentines day since I were younger, just a day a year to get fucked good by some completely new person you don't know. It's kind of exciting right?
―I mean yea, but surely ta Human aspect makes that a hassle, I know like more Monsters then I can count on ma hands who you can hit up fer that, anytime of the year! Argues Gor'
―I dunno what to tell you, I just kind of have a thing for humans I guess?
Ideas shoves their shoulder to Gor's side.
―Hey stop teasing them, honestly? I totally get it.
―You do Ideas'? Asks Butters.
―They're a paradox them Humans, so dangerous to our community. But it's also fun, to flirt and play about with things so fundamentally oblivious, conceited yet fragile.
―I mean I don't usually top them, but I get it! For me it's more when you find a good one, they're so like excited to see you.
―Yes! Just anything outside of their human-centric pallet and they lose their minds! It's nice change from being 'Another one' of no regard when you're with another Monster.
―Oh my god you just get it! Like they're foaming at the mouth because of you have a tail, let alone anything else. Getting fucked good is great, but to feel like a goddess during is just... ahhhh
Butters leans back, grinning ear to ear as they knock back their Long Island Iced Tea, floating in whatever memory they were conjuring up. Butters noticed as they were talking Gor's mood looked like it soured a little, she was twirling the tip of her cocktail with her finger as she seemed deep in recollection. The Witch began to speak
―Well I'm happy for both of yer's little adventures there, but you mingle in the affairs of Humans for too long they'll have you. Gor explains.
Butters gives a wry sigh, the brief moment of not being judged for their Human preferences was nice, but it's back to another lecture.
―You sound like you're speaking from experience Gor, but I've not heard about this. Wonders Ideas'
―Yer well, it's tough to bring up all 600 years of my life in the few years we known each other lass. But yes I've had dealings with them.
―Wait... What?
―Oh didn't you know Butters? Gor here has been about for centuries.
―My skincare routine is keepin' all this together. Gor jokes. But around the 16's...
―Oh, when Gor says that it's referring to the first two numbers of the year. Interrupts Ideas'
―Oh, Oh! Right yeah yeah, 'round the... 16th century. I had a premonition, about these Humans who were gonna kill my son.
―Oh do you have kids? Asked Butters.
―Had 'em. Gor replies solomley. Cos muggins here 'ad the bright idea of "Oooohhh maybe if I helped them out, salvaged their dogshit fisherman, even warned them when they were about to get jumped and annihilated that maybe, just maybe, when the time came they'd spared my kid".
Gor knocks back another Double Whisky they had just ordered.
―What do I get for, what you mortals would consider a lifetime by the way, of servitude to these little fuckers? They hung him anyways. In fact while on ma way to remind 'em of the debt they owed I 'mysteriously' fell to ocean floor when trying to scoop up a snack of a fish or two. Been able to do that a million times no fuss, but when they're putting my sweet boy to the gallows suddenly I trip in a little pond! Like fuck did it, the ocean is my toy, it serves me! They did something and I had to piss about on the ocean floor for 100 years till I was able to come back.
Gor then turns to Butters and puts her hand on the squirrels shoulders.
―Dinnae let them take everything you have just cos you think you might be able to cash in that favour later. Humans ain't people, they're sick Butters.
Ideas' puts their hand on Gors shoulder, progressing into a hug. Everyone gave Gor a moment, just to let that pain they recalled hang in the air for a little while. Afterwards Ideas' breaks the silence.
―I mean, it goes without saying, yeah I had been through that Humans might put me off a little bit too.
―Well, 'a mean I understand you might have some natural affinity with 'em. Gor replies, regaining their jovial attitude. I mean the things them four feet could do if you met one who were into that, that's like two humans worth of fetish fulfilment.
Ideas' sympathetic gaze turned to daggers, as they picked up their bag and started to head outside.
―Awwwwwh, well I pissed her off now. Gor says followed by a deep hearty laugh. I'm gonna go af'ter her, won't be too long!
Gor runs after The Centaur apologising very vocally the entire way.