title:          014
ID:             14
type:           md
compile:        2
charCount:      4432


Butters hated to admit it but the timing of their companions departure could not of been better. While they were so grateful for their company to 'rev Butters up for a big social' as it were, well like they said they did come here to meet some Humans. Like... It's hard to describe, Butters almost doesn't want to, because to vocalise it brings a warth of great shame at the prospect of what they're doing. But it's not like that shame is gonna stay their hand at all.
You can almost feel it somehow, like eyes burning into the back of your neck. Just little reminders by all the Humans in a space that your favour with them is being lost, ever so slightly and slowly. The more time you spend with your fellow monsters the more you're giving away your desirability. With the only way to refuel any of your standing is to distance yourself from your fellow Monsters, mingle with the Humans no matter how painful that may be and maybe, just maybe, they will not view your existence with complete ire.
Grim isn't it? Yeah, Butters knows. Butters deep down knows this ain't right, if they had any integrity they would just hang out with Gor and Ideas all night. It would be good, healing even! And Butters knows this of course they do. But it's times like these, Butters recalls that they are alone after all. They recall how each and every one of their housemates, the people they were closest too 'abandoned' them tonight. Butters is in need and in need of a lot and Monsters never pull through, not like Humans do. When Humans get a hold of you they rarely let you go, they are ever-present in a way Butters needs right now, let alone when they'll need it in the future. Someone just there. Always there. There.

When Butters thinks that to themselves it sounds healthy. Despite exactly how it sounds.

Just thinking about that loneliness Butters breathing starts to get heavier, their face feels tight. But just as the breakdown was about to onset, something distracts. Butters hears commotion at the other end of the bar, around the corner just out of sight. They circle around the other patrons to get a peek at what's going on.
They spy a group of three humans, around mid-20's gathered around with a single empty glass a meter and a bit away. If you've been within a feet of a university you know what the two lads look like, as if they had just fallen out of their dads closet and grabed whatever sportswear they could on the way. The woman that was with them however looked like she had just fallen out of their dad's closet and grabbed whatever sportswear she could on the way. One of the lads in the front was precariously aiming himself towards the empty glass, his head down and chin lightly grazing the bar side. He had peanut being pressed down by the tip of his thumb, he is spending an uncomfortable amount of time aiming this shot. He seems to be narrating as he's going:

― Here ladies and gentleman is history in the making, we have Andre Peanutmister extraordinaire, here setting up his winning shot in order to claim the much coveted prize of "Heather buying the next round of shots". He has been working up to this pivotal moment. His poise is perfect, his technique is...
―Look man, you can aim it all you want it's no-
―And infamous player distractor Simon is interfering again, typical behaviour from the little insect man devoid of optimism and hope, wanting to ruining Andre's chances of making this historic shot. Suck my weenle Simon. And with that, he's ready to go. The crowd goes quiet, and...
The peanut flies from the force under his thumb completely over the glass, not even giving the courtesy of being a close call to justify any sense of tension. The Human can't even find the energy to be angry about the miss, just unmissable proof there was no sense of skill involved in this moment at all... Just awkward really.
―FUCK! It's cos you two are putting me off! Says the Human trying to cobble an excuse.
―We could not of been quieter and the light in the room could not of been brighter. Suggests the woman.
The bickering is broken by the sound of another peanut landing into the grass from over the trios head, even giving a lap around the brim of the glass just to show off. The Humans turn around to see Butters exerting all their energy in "Relaxed Posing". Leaning their elbow a little further on the bar than is clearly comfortable, y'know relaxing! Butters turns to the trio of Humans.

―She's right, easy.