title:          022
ID:             23
type:           md
compile:        2
charCount:      8487


-VALENTINES DAY 2011-
-23:03-
Butters went to check their phone, to see it had just gone eleven, about a few hours since she had last heard from Chloe or Venus. Butters briefly considered checking up on them both, but found themselves in a delicate development.
―Alright social, it’s your go
Startled, Butters put down their phone and took the bottle of Champagne being passed to them. Butters had found themselves on one of the upper floors of the warehouse that was still intact, with Quadreco and a couple of Humans. With the staircase having caved in, both couldn't of made it up here on their own of course, but Quadreco was fine with carrying them both up. Butters of course clawed their way up the debris, just so they could show off a little more. Afterwards they started a little fire with the bits of wood they could fine scattered about.
Actually Butters did know one of the Humans there, it was Sawyer the Human defending them from the crowd earlier. They didn’t really get to speak to him before, but he seemed sounds, the kind of lad who knows the top indie hits of Australia despite being aggressively born in Felixstoe.
―Ahh cheers.
After some back and forth it turns out the other Human with them was named Rosie, Butters got talking to the pair of them after stumbling into their conversation looking for a top up after drinking their last beer.
―Oh this is nice, are you sure we can have this? Asked Butters.
Rosie lowered her eyebrows as she gestures a wine glass towards Butters. Butters smirks a little as they take the glass and tops themselves up.
―Think of it as a Speciesist tax. Remarks Sawyer
―haha I mean alright, but what for?
Rosie closes up their body language a little, clearly embarrassed.
―Well uh, I was the one who was saying about my friend being allergic to nuts hehehe. But y'know Sawyer sorted me out! I'm sorry about that.
―Oh hahaha, I mean it's okay a lot of people are like that. Replies Butters nervously, trying to avoid the daggers Quadreco was giving them.
Luckily Rosie was a lot friendly to Butters then their first encounter, sharing the champagne and taking the space next to Butters at this hangout. In fact getting away from the greater party to chew the fat was her idea in the first place. Saywer had just finished talking about his prospect of starting up a Tattoo business.
―So Butters, do you reckon you’d ever get a tattoo done? Saywer quizzes them.
―I dunnnno, I wanna but like I’ve never had a good idea for what to get.
―Well go on, interrupts Rosie. I reckon the first thing you think of is usually what you’re heart wants, so go on, say an idea NOW!
Butters panics as they try and come up with any ideas
―Errrr. umm…. Monsters R… rule?
Their three companions start laughing.
―Yeah? That’s what your heart feels huh? Teases Rosie
―Welll…. It’s deffo a good sum up of my politics to be honest
―So you’re big into like… Monster Justice stuff?
Butters didn’t really appreciate the amused tone Sawyer gave with his question.
―Yeah actually, i’m hoping to get into teaching Monsters or like a Monster advocacy as a 'what I do for money’ kinda thing
Rosie sits up straight from her previously slouched position upon hearing this.
―So you wanna help like other monsters?
―Yeah, set up a charity or something. How hard can it be?
―But there’s charities for Monsters already right? Like that Monsters Talk?
Butters takes a swift swig of their drink as Quadreco tuts loudly from just from hearing that name.
―Yeah if you consider bootlicking humans to be advocacy, sure. Quadreco qualifies
Sawyer, who had been laying on his side, sits up straight.
―So tell me, what would monsters need help with? Aside from speciest humans…
Chuckling Butters interrupts.
―OH. it’s a lot more than that. Talking about our resources getting cut, our culture being suppressed, the government taking our funds and rights away. A lot of Monsters are out here losing hope, being deprived access to our history and community!…
Butters being the oblivious soul they were didn’t notice they were getting more animated as they spoke about a subject, that clearly meant a lot to them. They remembered a feeling, a burning one, far from the first time they'd felt it. Not from the bonfire mind, but from their companions gaze. Butters was able to catch themselves:
―I just y'know, wanna be the support that i never got as a kid…
The whole time Rosie never took their eyes off them, she was mesmerized by the passion Butters had for their dream of advocacy. Rosie shuffles a little closer to Butters’ side. Quadreco too gave a smile as she comments:
―I wish you luck with that Butters, I really don't think I could do it. Espec when it came to Humans who were transitioning. I couldn't be impartial like. I'd just go "Do it, it's great! Be on the good team for once!!!" ...No offence.
Quadreco gives a gesture towards the two Humans, Rosie just politely smiles and raise her glasses. Sawyer just pauses for a second, not really completely taking in the information he's just heard:
―Wait so you mean Humans can become Monsters? Where you two humans before?
Butters and Quadreco give each other a quick glance, a little acknowledgement of 'This is a teaching moment' before Butters replies:
―Uuuhhh well I was born a Monster myself, so I've always been one. Explains Butters. But I dunno about you Quadeco?
―Nah same, broke out of my egg one limb at a time. The Moth elaborates.
Rosie gives a little glance at the floor, taking in the casualness of which that sentence was spoken.
―So I mean yeah, under the right conditions any Human can become a Monster. Explains Butters
―Well I thought that like, that only happened if you were forced to become one? Like a spell or zombie bite or whatever? Asks Sawyer
―You'd uhh have to ask those kind of Monsters about that. But yeah, no like any Human can become a Monster.
Sawyer starts glancing around the room, this discomfort is familiar. Of course, no Human on this planet is just 'A passionate ally'. When Butters envisioned the kind of work they wanted to do with Monster advocacy, these are the moments they ment. To lead people to the idea that existence can BE outside of a humanitarian framework of "gotta be a cishet neurotypical dude." These moments are pivotal, Butters stands up a little straighter, their voice takes on a calmer tone that was absent before.
―Wha, I mean... Come on you can't just decide you're a Monster right? Questions Sawyer
―I mean... Yeah. Even just considering it is taking the first steps outside of Humanity.
―And you know what else? Quadeco continues. You can be queer, you can be a girl, you can actually just decide you're anything. No matter what Humanity says.
Butters grits their teeth a little, they've not had great experience of such an aggressive approach like that. Butters pauses for Sawyer to reply:
―Well no I mean, you can't just think "I'm a big werewolf lesbian with a dump truck arse" and then you'll wake up tomorrow just like that
Rosie who had been wearing a look of suspicion this whole time, drops hearing that reply. Her mouth slightly aghast as she turns towards Butters. Quadreco leans back a little as they put a paw on their chin after a moment of reflection and replies:
―I've actually not heard anyone getting to choose what Monster they become, it just kind of... Happens post-epiphany 
―Yeah, tho I've never heard anyone complain about the result, I think the euphoria of not being Human anymore kind of counters that. Says Butters.
Sawyer just stares at the floor, mouthing "No, come on" to himself every now and then.
―I mean that also might be due to how painful the whole process is. Quadreco recalls.
Oh nononono. Butters panics slightly. There's a time an place for the honesty and it's not while someone's questioning! You don't wanna put them of like...
―Does it hurt? Asks Rosie unhelpfully
―Oh god yeah, imaging like your spine rearranging and the fangs coming out of your gums li-
Just then a bottle cap clips Quadreco on the temple of their head.
―AAANNNYYYWWAYS, the point is that it's super emotionally fulfilling and great! Hahaha. Butters stresses.
Sawyer keeps staring at the floor for a little while, before he rubs his face and changes the subject; asking Quadreco what their dream job is (it's being 'The worlds first non-evil GP receptionist' FYI). Rosie keeps glancing Butters way with a look of bafflement. She wonders how on earth Butters could've known that about Sawyer after knowing him for no longer then four hours? Wild. Also kind of... Hot? She shuffles even closer to Butters side.