title:          025
ID:             28
type:           md
compile:        2
charCount:      6505


-VALENTINES (the next) DAY 2011-
-01:02-
[urfavey_theyfriend.kiss] 00:54: Iim, nmot deaddddddd promise
[urfavey_theyfriend.kiss] 00:55: Chillllll oiutt minmi witg the hhoomins
[urfavey_theyfriend.kiss] 00:57: Were doinb GenGa or someEe shit
[urfavey_theyfriend.kiss] 00:58: Lufffff uu 🔣🔣🔣
[a_somebodyishere] 00:58: But you made it to the other party right?
[urfavey_theyfriend.kiss] 00:58: Yyeeeeeeeeeeboi
[urfavey_theyfriend.kiss] 00:58: I SEE YOU! HEEEYYY
Butters and Venus looked up from the phone to the glass door across the room, and sure enough: They spot Chloe waving at them both, with her arm around some sports goth dude pointing in their direction in hysterics.
―Thank god, okay I’ll go check up on her. Make sure she’s not hanging out with any wronguns.
―I mean they can't be that bad.
Butters proceeds to point at the balcony, just as a Monster came flying down and perched on the railings of the balcony. They seemed to be carrying some plastic bags full of stuff from the chippy just downstairs. Venus sighs as she starts to get a cigarette from her jacket pocket.
―For fucks sake, it's just I worry about that girl you know? Not to means he don't got survival instincts, but she has too much. Arrogant. I feel she'd walk into a sacrificial alter and be like "AAAHHHH I can take 'em out maate"
Butters chuckled at the incredibly accurate impression.
―I dunno, even like this I can imagine she’d walk into trouble and walk out the only survivor.
Venus giggles a little before putting her hand on Butters shoulder.
―Well I guess you’ve known her longer then me, she is a feisty one, but even the strongest Monsters aren’t invincible.
She starts to walk towards the balcony before pausing and turning to Butters.
―Listen it's just, we're in a Human's world right now yeah? And in a human's world, have fun but never forget your exit route or the quickest way to defend yourself. Some of these human's only live to see us gone.
Butters seemed quite taken a back by the shift in tone. The room suddenly felt a little more hostile then before. Or maybe it always was and they let themselves forget. Venus picks up their paws.
―Hey I didn't mean to bum you out. But surely if we're on our toes that leaves more time to have fun right?
Butters nods along, that's not a bad point y'know. Sacrifice a little lax for just having each other's backs is probably not a big ask right? Tho Butters would be lying if all they were thinking off right now was leaving them all to it and try and find Rosie... Maybe a little risk for a treat?
As Butters was contemplating this and as Venus let go of Butters' paws, they noticed Venus looked like they were breathing a little heavier then before. They grab Venus' hands back into their paws.
―Are you doing okay Venus? You look a little out of breath, maybe not the best time for a ciggy?
Venus pulls away as they smile.
―Oh no, that means it's the perfect time for a carbo-break.
Venus pulls out a little pen-like device, which kind of looked like a USB stick with a spout somewhat? Venus takes a big inhale from the device, through the mouth, out the nose. This jogs Butters memory, of course! Venus is an Alurane, a plant person basically and a part of being a anthropromorphic plant is she needs to breath in carbon dioxide in the atmopshere not oxygen. Although this confused Butters somewhat.
―I thought you'd be fine with CO2 levels now we're inside? Asked Butters.
Venus rolls her eyes slightly in that way Butters recognises of 'I know you didn't mean this in malice, but... Come on man' kind of way.
―'Course I'm feeling better in a crowded place like this. But we've been out of the sun for so very long I need a top up. Explains Venus. It doesn't help I skipped lunch today.
As she says this she pulls out a small bag from her jacket pocket. It looks like it was from a supermarket bakery, a pink glazed doughnut which she starts eating. Butters connects the dots between these statements, remembering why a lack of CO2 would be a problem for her in the first place. They didn't exactly do great at GCSE Science but they remember it as thus: It's not as if plants just love carbon specifically, Alurane's can't just burn some toast, inhale it like coke and jobs a gooden. But Aluranes covert the CO2 to help produce glucose to fuel themselves, thinking about it if that's the case do Aluranes really need to eat? Probably since unlike a Rose in your garden they are: Well massive. Anyways, the point is if the end point is sugar Aluranes can just... Raise their sugar to help ease the strain of literal oxygen poisoning. Actually no it can't be that oxygen is harmful to big flowers because... Tree's exist? It's also not like they've ever caught Venus deepthroating a car's exhaust fumes to top up or anything. Ugh this is making Butters head hurt. Like they say they arn't a scientist and it's not like anything about Monster biology is taught in schools anyways. We got forums, dubious articles and long abandoned blogs as our only source on our own biology and half the time it feels like we're making it up as we go along anyways...
―Butters, you've gone off on a tangent in your own head without speaking it out loud again. Venus concludes, mouth full of doughnut.
Whoops! Inner monologue sadly runs in real time, Butters shakes their head.
―Oh sorry for uh, doing it again.
―You seem a little distracted. Observes Venus as she leans in to Butters ear. Did that Human you were with clock off early?
Butters turns their head away, a little embarrassed about being so expertly called out.
―Well not that it should ever ruin your night in the first place. Buuut I saw a group with her in it while I was on the way to the corner shop, she should be here.
Butters ears perk and eyes widen imminently, before trying to play it off like "Oh cool, who cares lol." Venus chuckles at Butters inability to be deceitful in any meaningful way.
―Just stick around I'm sure you'll bump into her! Don't let it freak you out.
And on that advice, Venus caresses the side of Butters' face as she starts to head out to the balcony to check up on Chloe. A slight ting of ugh at being read so expertly, but it doesn't offset the comfort that Venus brings. It's inspiring to Butters really, she's an expert character reader, feels like she's downloaded the entire chess board before you knew you were even playing. Butters' is pprreetyy good at that but Venus is on another empathetic level.
Well for now Butters returns to their primary talent: Re-attaching themself to the nearby wall (actual, this time)