title:          027
ID:             36
type:           md
compile:        2
charCount:      6685


-VALENTINES (the next) DAY 2011-
-01:27-

The two started catching up from either side of the walls in the hallway. About the events of running from the cops at the warehouse until now, all while polishing off the wine.
―Oh that's weird cos I thought like, All-uurr-reighs? Roise says looking at Butters with approval that she's saying it right.
―Yeah, Aluranes. Least Venus has never given me lip for saying it like that. Clarifies Butters.
―Right, I'd thought they'd feel better indoors with more Carbon Dioxide?
―I thought so too but like... Trees right? Also most plants, so that can't be right.
―Well I guess they must need sunlight and...
Butters then snaps their fingers and leans back with a "Oooohhhh". The preformative little "I trust that, that's correct" thing you do with small talk for some reason to give you both permission to move on from a subject that it has just dawned on you both is actually: Quite boring.
There's a slight lull in the conversation as both Rosie and Butters look around the hallway. Bit awks, little bit tense. Mmmmmmm. But honesty Butters is just happy Rosie followed them to the party. God now Butters is look with only 98% of their soul filled with anxiety, she was so neat. But then Roise follows up with:
―I had a chat with your err, mate outside just now.
Just hearing that made Butters gulp down their swig of wine in a cartoonish fashion.
―Oh is that right… Which one? Butters asked praying to all and any gods the answer was; Venus.
―Oh you know… The cat lady.
Ahhhh shit.
―Oh cool cool, erm what were you two talking about?
―Well she had some glowing things to say about you it turns out.
Butters made a mental note to kill Chloe where she stands the next chance they get.
―Nothing too embarrassing I hope? Hahaha, oh god please.
They didn’t mean to say that last part aloud, maybe that last bottle of wine was a bad move. Rosie laughing a little to herself reassured them:
―Nothing but praise I assure you, she made special mention about her favourite 'Sexy stories’ about you.
First thing tomorrow, grab the wrench from the garage, Chloe will be too hungover to wake up early, Butters can just do it then and say it happened on the way home. No one will ever know. Despite their best efforts Butters couldn’t help but show their embarrassment, closing their aloof body language and gritting their teeth.
―Good. I’m glad that happened.
After having a right gas about it, Rosie tone shifts slightly.
―She also told me about your 'bad luck’ with us humans. That’s why she was bigging you up by the way, like is that true?
Taken aback by the concern in Rosie’s voice, Butters turns their head away from her.
―I mean… When you’re a Monster, Humans aren’t exactly forming a queue to get to know you or owt.
―But I mean you still must not have a problem pulling right?
Still holding the empty wine bottle, Butters starts to spin it slightly.
―You’d be surprised, I’ve been told how my paws and ears are too gross or something. I dunno, what can you do?
They had hoped to try and keep the tone light as they explained it, but even just the words leaving their lips harshes their buzz. They look down at the floor.
―A lot of people think they like Monsters, like "Yeah I'm not a bigot". But when it comes to actually y'know... Desiring us as beings worthy of... Well don't wanna be dramatic and say love but I dunno... "I wanna get in that".
Butters laughs at the ridiculousness of their own comment, luckily Rosie's laughing too. She drops her coy persona.
―I can’t believe that. I really struggle to believe you have trouble pulling.
―Oh yeah? How come?
―Well I mean, come on. She replies, while gesturing at Butters direction. I mean, do YOU believe your ugly?
In classic Human fashion, Rosie has stumbled into a deeply complex debate by accident. Butters looking a little annoyed about it themselves, shrugs it off, perhaps abandoning all hopes of pulling and understanding: It's education time and answers:
―Sometimes, it's hard to know what I'd want to change about myself starts and what I'd want to change for other people begins. Butters says, spinning the bottle more aggressively then before. Cos I mean, I dunno what to tell ya. I like me! But on the other hand it's like, here in this party, I mean who’s macking on someone like me?
Before Butters could continue their point, Rosie takes a step forward closing what little space separated them, before grabbing the collar of Butters’ coat and pulling them closer.
―I am.
Being caught completely off guard as Roise goes in to kiss them, Butters mind starts to race. Call it cynicism, call it obliviousness, but they hadn’t even considered Rosie was trying it on with them this whole time. Trying their best to not let the sheer panic they were feeling show, they tried to find a place for their free paw while the largest and stupidest grin crawled all over Butters face, exposing their happiness of this development. They couldn’t quite believe it, like a human kissing them! Them! Butters! Whoa, and In such a well… Normal way; slightly pissed at a house party, Butters had gone their whole life assuming something this mundane was out of reach for their entire life. Trying to regain some element of composure, they slowly run their paw at the side of Rosies face, y'know as if this wasn’t the most validating moment of their entire life and they’re about to pass out. Afterwards they both look at each other in the eye, both breathing pretty heavily.
―Wow, you really like someone like me? Like really?
Is what Butters wanted to say, but believing they had to play it coy just came out with:
―Man it’s a shame none of these rooms are empty, ey?
Gross, that’s probably something Butters should never say again. Luckily Rosie took it in good stride and went for another kiss, perhaps sensing Butters embarrassment.
―You don’t have to act up you know? I’m already here.
These seemed to be the magic words which snapped Butters out of their act. Butters appreciated the called out, almost as if they could feel a persona placed in their psyche without their concept being ripped from the seams. Ironically something human upon reflection.
―Ahhh sorry, it’s just this doesn’t happen very often.
―Oh really? How often.
―Oh you know… The first time ever.
―Wh whhaaaa, wha? With anyone?
―I mean… With a human yeah.
―Ahhh, gotcha
Rosie face relaxed with a slight relief.
―But oooohh I’m your first human ey? Rosie asks with a huge smug smirk on her face.
Butters laughs nervously, trying their best to stay present in the conversation. But they was too excited to care, they could hardly handle the idea that they were holding this woman in her arms. It wasn’t impossible. People COULD fancy them. Butters couldn’t believe it. Them! For real!