title:          028
ID:             30
type:           md
compile:        2
charCount:      6398


-VALENTINES (the next) DAY 2011-
-01:46-

Butters leans the back of their head against the wall, still feeling butterflies after 15 solid minutes of smooching, a bit of holding and the surge of endorphins of having someone so close in your proximity consensually. The touch sense, feeling their breath on your persons, even just the unique way you have bend your neck to look at them while talking that you don't really do in any other context, except maybe holding a small cat. It's the feeling of being fed, not knowing you were starving in the first place. Butters could've stay in that moment until they expired, but it was getting late and Rosie wanted to start heading off soon. She went off to find the Humans she came with here to let them know the plan that 'they' (<---- !!!! oh my gosh AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA) would both be getting a taxi soon. Butters just takes in the ambiance in this moment, the chatter of the other patrons, the pulsing bass of the stereo and the death curling screaming coming from the toi- wha?
Butters listens in on the bellows of agony for a second before they cotton on, oh they know those screeches of despair, That's Sawyer! Butters had just assumed they were off with Rosie's lot, but uhhh sounding like they're not having a great time! Butters rattles on the toilet door.
―Heeeeyyyy buddy, you uh doing okay in their? The vodka defeating you like? Asked Butters
There's a slight pause, before Butters could hear almost like someone dragging their body across the shelves and cabinets of the bathroom. Butters hears a slam across the other side of the door before Sawyer replies:
―Butters? Quadreco? Is that one of you?
―Uuuhhh yeah Butters, it's just me!
―No one else is around?
―Not in the like, immediate area nah
The door swings open as a hand drags Butters into the bathroom quickly. As Butters closes the door behind the two it becomes immediate what source of screaming was. Inside was Sawyer hunched over the toilet seat grabbing with his left hand a now clearly furry paw. If Butters had to guess it looked like a rabbits paw to them and now Butters is looking it looks like Sawyers eyes have taken on more Rabbit like pupils, like they hooooge. Sawyer tries their best to get some kind of explanation out, but Butters lifts their paw up to get them to stop.
―Okay Sawyer, everything's gonna be alright. I mean it's gonna cane like hell, so it's not alright in that sense. But you'll make it through this better then ever I promise.
Sawyer's body contorts a little as they're sitting.
―It hurts Butters, oh god it hurts so much. I'm gonna die
―That's right Sawyer, symbolically die.
―No I'm in so much pain I'll for real die.
―Symbolically for real die, but not for real, yes.
Sawyer puts both his hand and paw on his face as his yells again, another part of the transformation has begun. As Butters can see Sawyer's ear start to force their way upwards, as they start to expand in size, so much that they begin to sag from their head as they are continuously pulled upwards by some force. Blood starts trickling from his lips and their tears begin to gain a reddish hue to them, all the soundtrack cracks of a body tearing itself to shreds.
―Okay you're ears are coming in Sawyer, this is gonna be the worst of it. I know you're so scared but you got me and loads of other Monsters that know what you're going thro- well not this pain part, but the afterwards bit and we'll be here to support you.
Sawyer grabs Butters paw with his new one and looks through his tears at the Squirrel.
―You promise yeah? You won't leave me like this?
―Noooo, no no. In fact should I get the other Monsters to come in?
Sawyer goes to reply before a 'Should be dead afterwards' level crunch rings out, as their new ears reach their destination on the top sides of his head, still slowly sagging down to their new rabbit ear forms. Blood is now pours from the ears too. The pain now doesn't even warrant a scream, just a pained squeak as Sawyer knells over. They look back up at Butters.
―Please, get them all. The more... Well I guess their 'our' people now, the better.
Butters then leans out of the door and shouts at the nearest person to get the Monsters from outside pronto.
―Tell them we got a turning on our hands. Commands Butters.
As they come into the room, Butters kneels down with Sawyer. Grasping their paw and stroking the new fur that laid upon it, to try and soothe them. Next up was the remaining Human hand, as Butters observes the individual fingers becoming more bulbous, the palm itself extending wider to fit them and the tougher parts of the hand extending outwards to create the 'beans'. Slowly but surely strands of hair extend, pore by pore, to reveal a new coat of fur. Sawyer is starting to calm down as they start to really parse what is happening.
―I'm so excited, but I'm mourning. Everything I had dreaming about my future is gone... I guess for so many Monsters there was no future unless this happened. But I had one, I was gonna get into trading cards next week, you know? Little plans and flourishes for my life. Now I'm cognizant I was on a highway with my eyes closed, about to hit a wall. I'm saved, before I knew I was in danger. I didn't have time to stop dreaming of the picket fence, with a little family, maybe kids even, one day!
Sawyer then turns to look down at Butters and asks:
―There is no dreams like that for us is there?
Butters knows exactly what they think the answer to that question is, so they elected to stay quiet and wait for a more optimistic Monster to arrive.
Chloe was the first one to swing the door open, behind her all the other Monsters from the balcony come to see Sawyer into his new Monstrous arc. Sawyer looks up as their top lips starts to throb and extend outwards, with The Rabbit putting his paws his mouth as blood trickles through.
―Ooooohhh man, that is gnarly as! Exclaims Chloe. Welcome to the hoard comrade!
Sawyer looks up at Chloe, Quadreco and the other Monsters, all cheering him own as his body destroys and reforms itself. The fear in their eyes starts to transition too, revealing a look of relief at all the new Monster friends that came to support him. In fact Sawyer cannot recall a single time in his whole life as a human, when more then 3 people were happy to see him, or even pay attention, let alone the small crowd forming in the hallway. Sawyer's tears now returning to their translucent colourless state.