title:          031 (NSFW)
ID:             73
type:           md
compile:        2
charCount:      13673


-VALENTINES (the next) DAY 2011-
-03:06-

The gang start making their way up the drive as they wave Draught and Gorm good night, as the they both disappear into the night as it takes a turning back into the main road. Butters is surprised to look at their present company and see all the Monsters had gotten out of the van with them. Oh right, since they came together it'd make sense Sawyer and Rosie were house mates. One of them "You never asked" thing, but what was surprising was to see Gris follow them in too. In fact Sawyer made a point to slow her pace to align with The Tiger’s and lean with both paws onto his chest. Aaaahh okay, I see the claim that she had "Came out enough for one night" wasn't perhaps erroneous. Good on her tho honestly?
Once inside and upstairs, Rosie quickly dragged Sawyer into her room and asked the two Monsters to wait there for them, assuming The Rabbit perhaps needed a pep talk. Butters and Gris kind of just... Wait in the hallway. In a weird display that betrays the fact they were both about to plough their respective hosts til' the morning hath risen.
―Soooooo, you came down here from Notts? Asks Butters trying to make the wait go faster.
―Uhhhh no, I'm from here. Why do you say that? Asks Gris.
Butters then points to Gris' jersey, specifically the team featured on it which would've led Butters to this conclusion.
―Oh, no no, I'm just a huge fan of the sport! It's not like we got a hockey team in Colchester or anything. Elaborates Gris.
―Oh okay, do you go up there often?
Gris leans in as if he's about to tell Butters some insider trading secret or something.
―All the time, in fact this uni shit is a wag. I'm gonna ask to transfer by the end of the year, to Notts.
Butters ears perked up at this. Like he makes it sound so easy?
―Is it good up there? Like y'know, for us?
―Oh yeaaah, of course Humans don't want us doing pro sports, but if you go where the sports is there's bound to be something up there for us right? Like underground leagues and stuff?
―I dunno that sounds too cool to be real. Or blood sports.
―Well either way I'll be there with way more Monsters then there are here like. I hear us and Humans get along great up there.
This was the info Butters was fishing for and perhaps considering who Butters was about to spend the night with, Gris knew that.
―If you can get on a course, like any course anywhere, just pop in the request to transfer and jobs a gooden. He continues. You can probably wag something, what are you good at?
Butters pauses for an uncomfortable amount of time, before Gris interrupts.
―Well that's okay neither am I, I'm just on the access course. He elaborates.
Wow what a night this is becoming: Career advice and sex with a gorgeous Human. It really was worth the effort getting out after all.

Rosie and Sawyer emerge from the latter’s room, as Rosie slides and leans against the frame of her door, only missing her pulling a bag of popcorn from off frame. Sawyer kind of chuckles with her arms behind her back as she leans against her own door. Gris walks forward a few steps.
―Alright Sawyer said she was going to show me some videos about Monster Sports. Gris explains. I mean when I move up north I'll probably go for Adapted Hockey but y'know... Good to have you options open.
After he goes inside, Butters quickly runs up to sawyer and interlocks her paws with their own
―Oh my god Sawyer, he's so stupid. He doesn't even know you're gonna fuck him. I'm so happy for you! Butters celebrates. Go get him!
―haha well I mean, I dunno I don't think things will go all the way you know. Sawyer bashfully replies
Butters' brows lower as they stare at the Rabbit, before turning to Rosie.
―Do you have any lube in there? They ask.
―Well uh, I mean yeah probably w-
―Could you quickly fetch us it please?
Rosie wanders into her room before coming out with a sachet. Butters takes it and places in between Sawyer's paws as they silently stare at her.
―Wha? No no we're not gonna need that, we won't go that far. I mean I'd like that, but I mean, you know, like uh...
Butters continues to stare in silence.
―...I mean I'll take it just inca-
―Exactly, if you don't use it that's whatever, but it's there in case! Butters elaborates, as they push Sawyer back into her room.
Sawyer slowly slinks into the darkness of her room as she nods affirmingly to Butters as they give a double thumbs up back. Butters turns to Rosie and apologises for all that, Rosie just laughs as she slinks into her room, invite Butters to follow.

Once inside Butters hovered around the bed as Rosie was starting to get into her unwinding routine, slowly removing the most uncomfortable aspects of her outfit. It then occurred to Butters that they had no idea what they were doing, they had kind of been blagging it up to this point as if this was no big deal but the reality had start to set in. They were in her bedroom, like shit they wanna gonna do a fuck, oh no, oh dear, shiiiiiit.
Like okay, the panic wern't from inexperience or owt, Butters has been with a few fellow monsters in their time, but they were unsure of the human etiquette. It seems obvious now they thought about it like, it can’t be the same rigmarole as with Monsters, in fact that was what attracted Butters to humans in the first place. They had heard of how much more attached they were, even those who were in it just for the fun. There was almost a ritual to it, placing each others trust in one another, opening up their souls. More of a display and a performance, then a transaction of 'The good feels’ followed by shaking hands and fucking off home. Perhaps as they’re the Monster here they should let Rosie take charge and continue, what if they mess up though? Oh no, oh god.
Thankfully before Butters could worry everyone involved out of the mood, Rosie mercifully interrupts, asking Butters to stop hanging around over there and get closer. Although despite Rosie’s previous bravado it was clear she was in the same state of mind. As if she didn't know how to proceed either, having nothing to follow up her request for Butters to get closer, instead she just gives a:
―Hey.
―Uuuhh Hey.
―So um, yeah this is nice.
Butters was a little taken aback that Rosie had Elevator talk in her repertoire to fall back on, it was honestly an adorable contrast to the persona they had seen all night. But it made sense, she had kind of dived in with Sawyer into this world she didn't know, maybe the reality of lacking insight has just hit her completely too. But like, yeah gotta blag it I suppose!
―That was y'know really sweet what you did for Sawyer. She opens with. You sounded like you were speaking from experience?
―Well you know, poor thing must be hyped up on adrenaline right now. Butters replies. And no one pre-plans to get their arse rocked, it's kind of a of the moment thing. Better to be prepared cos trying to navigate for the first time raw... ooofff
Butters does a preformative rub of their butt, as if somehow their reply contained any subtlety. Actually did Rosie even want you to go that in detail? Oh Butters you have simply fucked it at the first hurdle you goit.
Rosie takes it in good spirits however, laughing along, before falling to silence again. She stares into Butters eyes, slightly biting the inside of her lip. Butters wondered if this was permission to take charge of the situation, but maybe they reckoned: This was reading to much into things, Butters tries to switch to an auto-pilot mode and placed their paw on the back of Rosie’s head and brought her in for a kiss. So like kissing, that’s good! Right? I mean better then floating about the room awkwardly oversharing about anal I spose! But what about after the kiss? Oh god, Butters had no idea, oh god oh man. When in doubt, fall back on over politeness, says anxiety and when has THAT ever steered you wrong?
―So um, hey thanks for y'know being so cool tonight.
―Well my pleasure, I couldn’t let someone like you get away. Rosie replies, seemingly regaining her cool.
Butters then let out a little giggle, not unlike a 4 year. A sure-fire tell that a compliment had gotten to them.
―Noooo, really? I mean what’s good about me? Said Butters, totaly not fishing for a compliment.
―Are you kidding me? Like you’re so cool, like super interesting to talk to, I mean you’re fit too which deffo don’t hurt.
Well Butters wasn’t so self conscious that they didn’t believe what they were hearing, they knew that they were a snack. I guess sometimes they second guessed if the things they thought about themselves translated to the Human gaze. After all the shitty comments they’d gotten from Humans over their life, they couldn’t imagine people like Rosie could see any of Butters positive traits. But I guess this was proof that some humans stood above others.
Butters, charged with uncharacteristic assurance, started to kiss Rosie again as they unfasten their own cape and placed Rosie’s hands on their hips. On the outside an absolute power move, on the inside Butters was feeling like all their guts were on the verge of collapsing in on themselves. Perhaps trying to buy some time, Butters goes in to kiss Rosie again. You know what? Butters is so pent up with panic, they just... Forgot to enjoy the moment they were currently in. To take a break from a constant need to be present and give in to the abstract. Butters really inhales and feels the cold air push their chest out, as it carries the surge of electricity from the bottom of their stomach, to down their legs and up the back their neck. It leaves Butters with a quivering in their breath as they pull away from Rosie lips, leaving The Squirrel at the mercy of the scent of alcohol, sweat and perfume emanating from The Human's face. They start crease around the stomach as another surge courses through their body. God they need Rosie to strip them naked and fuck them now before their pussy explodes and their innards fly out like a worm expelling it's Cuvierian tubules.
...Do you ever get so horny that the sexiness leaves your body and only weird self-violence remains? Now's not the time to think about that.
Rosie then softly bites the bottom of Butters lip, and lets the grip go as she takes a few steps back. Then she proceeded to grab her dress and lifted it over her head as she sat on the bed. Butters joined her and tries to compose themselves, after y'know the pussy exploding thing. They couldn’t quite fathom the sight of who sat on the bed with them, the ludicrous idea that Butters was sharing a bed with such incomprehensible beauty was making them detach from this reality. From the way her fringe fell across half of her face, to the way her cellulite just covered the top of her panties, just the consistency of it all! She knew a lot of monsters would consider that boring, like no secret living python coming out of her tail bone or portal to hell in her stomach or anything like that. But something about it drove Butters wild, even the way she's struggling to get off her bra off while laying on the bed is the perfect cocktail of unbearably hot and fucking stupid. Butters could melt in this permanency.
They decide they can't wait for this jigsaw of a bra to be defeated, they crawl onto the foot of the bed as they slide Rosie's knickers down their legs, as they place their face onto her stomach. Butters softly kisses her navel, taking their sweet time between each peck. Slowly shortening the time between kisses, as each one gets more intense as Butters finds themselves rubbing their face against the softness of her belly. The Squirrel pulls away as their kisses reach lower and lower down Rosies body. They slow down again, only to pause just as Butters lips lightly rested on the top of Rosie's clit, as The Human feels Butters' warm breath travel down her pussy. They then pull their face to the inside of Rosie's left leg and starts softly kissing up and down her leg. They can feel Rosie writhe in anticipation and a little frustration at being teased, Butters laughs to themselves as they place their head back between their legs.
―Oh sorry baby, were you hoping for something more like... this.
They give the tip of the clitoris two slow kisses, before throwing away the charade suddenly as they push their open lips hard and drags the base of their tongue up Rosie's pussy. The Human lets out a deep bellowing laugh as she grabs the back of Butters head, as she swings her head back to the ceiling, grinning from ear to ear. While eating her out, Butters couldn't help but overhear the sounds coming from the next room. The unmistakable crescendo of a wooden frame bed banging against the wall, as a little Rabbit is having her back absolutely blown out by a Tiger twice her size.
―See what did I tell you? Butters shouts from over Rosies thigh.
Sawyer can be heard wailing in pleasure from the otherside, before a chorus of "Thank you, thank you, THANK YOU" to exact timing of bangs on the wall. Then being followed up by a meek "Cheers" from Gris afterwards. Rosie looks to the face that now rested just above her pussy.
―Okay, that's enough talk out of you. She announces.
She grabs Butters head from the back and she begins to grind against their face. She could feel all the little creases and contorts of the Squirrels face rub against every inch of her crotch. Butters desperately clings to consciousness as the fumes, sounds and taste of her lovers soaking wet cunt occupied all cognitive functions. Butters could spent hours in this ecstasy. And considering that Rosie had began to lean forward, pushing Butters head to the mattress as she begins to sit up and placing her whole weight onto Butters face as she continues to grind. Well It looks like they're going to get their wish.