title:          032
ID:             43
type:           md
compile:        2
charCount:      3170


-VALENTINES (the next) DAY 2011-
-05:14-

The morning light rudely creeps it's way through the barely drawn curtains, illuminating both of the naked bodies as they lay catching their breath on the bed. Each one had permission to sleep, but both wanted to squeeze every possible second of each other's company. Butters lay flat on their back as Rosie nestled in their chest, basking in the strands of dawn light that could make it to the bed. After a while, Rosie releases the weight of her head from Butters' breast as she breaks the silence:
―It's like I know I should get some kip, I think being awake for 22 hours straight is the kind of thing that shortens your life span but...
―But it's like, we can sleep after we have to leave. Butters continues. For now tho...
― God what I wouldn't give to still have my strap right now. Laments Rosie. I could honestly keep going.
Butters gets up from their side of the bed. Takes a moment to consider their options. Rosie has been so cool with Things so far, maybe they could stand to lower the mask a little more?
―Well actually I uhh may have something for that. Butters announces.
They go over to their shorts, now flung onto the floor and reach into the pockets. They find their wallet and from one of the sleeves gets out a small vial. Well more of a flask sized thing, contained just a dash of purple liquid inside it. They take a quick swig from it and then puts everything back.
Butters is Non-Binary, but not like a stop gap between choices, or a fixed point on a spectrum, but like a palette, something to play with and to mix and match. The body is but a canvas, only but occasionally matching up to the mind. Rosie's smile expands from cheek to cheek as this playful extends to the very biology of her lover who sits before her.
―My god Butters, is there any flaw in your design?
DontAnswerThatSeriously. DontAnswerThatSeriously. DontAnswerThatSeriously. DontAnswerThatSeriously.
After resisting the urge to answer that seriously, they push Rosie down on the bed, delaying their actions, making sure to build The Human up to an agitated level of anticipation. Butters enters a trance state, with each second being mandated by the nerves and hormones coursing through their body. The now was exquisite. Yet they can only focus on a premonition, of Rosie laying on her back, bathing in the after-glow. The mechanics and explanations for the events inbetween, seem so uninteresting now. They embrace a loosened grip on reality, but that truth slowly becomes intrusive and unwelcome as Butters goes to turn their head to the side.
Standing over the foot of the bed, it was the Tapir from earlier. The one on the balcony that Butters couldn't quite ascertain his physicality. But it's the opposite, he's the only real thing in the room. He has a look of abject terror on his face as he looks directly at Butters. Me mouths a sentence, but Butters doesn't have the means to parse it. Of course this was but a recollection and torturous process Butters glady puts themselves through again and again. An absolutely crush reminder this time, every single year:
They would never feel like they did that night ever again, and they knew it.