title:          032 (NSFW)
ID:             74
type:           md
compile:        2
charCount:      4556


-VALENTINES (the next) DAY 2011-
-05:14-

The morning light rudely creeps it's way through the barely drawn curtains, illuminating both of the naked bodies as they lay catching their breath on the bed. Each one had permission to sleep, but both wanted to squeeze every possible second of each other's company. Butters lay flat on their back as Rosie nestled in their chest, passively suckling on The Monsters breasts, while grasp it with her hand. Butters let whatever working nerve endings they had left, wash this sensation all over their body. After a while, Rosie releases Butters' nipple as she breaks the silence.
―You know I think this is the first time I've ever fucked someone with bigger tits then time. She ponders, before putting the nipple right back between her lips.
―Are they bigger? Butters asks between gasps. I swear yours are a little bigger.
There's a slight pause as Rosie cannot bring herself to stop suckling for one second to reply, but somehow manages to drag herself away from Butters tits for a second.
―Well, they're the biggest I've felt in my hands at least.
She rests her head on the breasts she just had in her mouth as she moves to fondle the other one.
―God what I wouldn't give to still have my strap right now. Laments Rosie. I could honestly keep going.
Butters gets up from their side of the bed. Takes a moment to consider their options. Rosie has been so cool with Things so far, maybe they could stand to lower the mask a little more?
―Well actually I may have something for that. Butters announces.
They go over to their shorts, now flung onto the floor and reach into the pockets. They find their wallet and from one of the sleeves gets out a small vial. Well more of a flask sized thing, contained just a dash of purple liquid inside it. They take a quick swig from it and then puts everything back.
―Wait what did you just drink? Asks Rosie.
―Hang on just give it some time. Replies Butters.
They go in to return all the lovely attention Rosie had given their tits, suckling one breast as she pinches the nipple of the other. Rosie can feel Butters grind against the side of her body, their pussy sliding up and down their leg. Well it felt like that at first, but then another feeling they recognise, noooo come on, noo way, right?
As Butters sits up as now just sitting under their navel, was a hefty solid cock. Rosie could see the veins sticking out in the middle of the base, as it throbbed up and down in anticipation. She places her hands just below Butters soft balls, as she slowly guides her flat palm up and down the shaft. It was so warm and the smell creeping up Rosie's nostrils was compromising her thoughts.
―My god Butters, is there any flaw in your design?
DontAnswerThatSeriously. DontAnswerThatSeriously. DontAnswerThatSeriously. DontAnswerThatSeriously.
After resisting the urge to answer that seriously, they push Rosie down on the bed as they brush the tip of their head up and down her pussy, making sure to build The Human up to an agitated level of anticipation. She slowly pushes their dick inside, as Rosie lets out a deep laughter as her breath quivers. Slowly Butters pulls out again, just until the head of their dick is just out of the grip of Rosie's pussy lips. Before suddenly shoving it in again, picking up the speed gradually, faster and faster, as the human claws the back of Butters back trying to keep some composure.
Butters enters a trance state, with each thrust being mandated by the nerves and hormones coursing through their body. The now was exquisite. Yet they can only focus on a premonition, of Rosie laying on her back, with her gorgeous tits being covered with their cum. The imagine of Butters sperm streaming past Rosie's nipple, as it pours down the side of her breast. Butters craved that visual, it needed to become this reality. They embrace a loosened grip on reality, but that truth slowly becomes intrusive and unwelcome as Butters goes to turn their head to the side.

Standing over the foot of the bed, it was the Tapir from earlier. The one on the balcony that Butters couldn't quite ascertain his physicality. But it's the opposite, he's the only real thing in the room. He has a look of abject terror on his face as he looks directly at Butters. Me mouths a sentence, but Butters doesn't have the means to parse it. Of course this was but a recollection and torturous process Butters glady puts themselves through again and again. An absolutely crush reminder this time, every single year:
They would never feel like they did that night ever again, and they knew it.