title:          034
ID:             46
type:           md
compile:        2
charCount:      4437


―Don't move! A voice bellows from behind.
Butters can't recall for how long they cried in that alley, but it must've been enough time for the Human they threatened to set forth in motion the exact events they were praying would occur. They must've found the nearest bobby to demand a price be paid for Butters aggression. They couldn't possibly handle this.
―They couldn't handle what's about to come next.
―What did you fucking say? The copper replies.
Well no, I can't handle what's about to come next. I really just wanted a quiet night, I really did. I let Roseschartz front to finish the mess that they started.
Butters silhouette in the alleyway was nothing short of abstract, transitioning from sobbing with their head between their legs not minutes earlier. To being on their feet, leaning backwards slightly as their gaze, completely still, is fixed upon the intruder. As the Human further penetrates the distance towards Butters, the copper's nerves continued to creep up his arms and throughout his whole body. He appeared stiff at first, but as his body shakes his stance becomes looser, then he takes his cap off as he begins:
―Oooohhhh hohoohoho, you lot really fucked up. You held out for so long, but we all knew you couldn't help yourselves, if we watched you long enough you'd slip up.
Butters had never seen this guy before, they had no idea what it was he was referring too.
―You can't help yourselves, it's what your like. It's a mistake that we let you out, if you had your way you'd poison us normal people to be like you. Then what? Why do we have to wait, you know you can't help yourselves, you can't help but be violent, normal people need to be protected! Humanist interests need protecting from you violent thugs! The officer ranted unironically with a nightstick clasped tightly in his right hand.
By this point the Human was dragging his head against the alley wall as he approached, leaving behind a small trace of translucent trail behind him. His footsteps got more erratic, his leg placements making less and less sense as an explanation of how he was coming closer to Butters.
―We need to keep real adult human children adults safe from you teaching them to naked strip gillick for sicko monsters pump them full of critical race and loony shoot of their dicks we are normal normal men all of us and me and my wife is menstrual pussy and my creamy penis that is normal not like adam and steve lick the cum of our kids if we dont protect humanist interests from the loony communist broadband grooming my friendly banter into disrespect you just made it up! you just made it up! you just made it up! nobodies coming to get you but you must be got at all costs to stop the war on christmas women by the trans jihad lobby we are normal we are normal we are normal
Nothing he was saying made sense, his body and joints have stopped making sense. The way his limbs bend and shift as if disconnected from his body doesn't make sense. The translucent liquid was now pouring from every exit on his face, blocking what little sensical speech remained into an ungodly gargle. Without warning the Human bolts towards Butters, surrounded in a murderous aura, the side of his face slamming harder and harder against the alley wall, leaving behind less of it and more of the residue against the wall as he speeds up. This is the nature of Humanity, something that needs to be proved with the blood of others. If nothing else can exist, only it can exist and that's the proof that Humanity and nothing else exists. When that reality is challenged, its very fabric starts to come apart heightening it's very contradiction.
Butters looked like someone who had lost something, not a prized possession or anything, but a limit that stopped them from breathing with both lungs, seeing to the corner of their eyes. The way their very weight distributed around their body fundamentally changed. If there was anything that stayed their hands from committing any harm to the atrocity of nature that was heading towards them, then it was gone. They knew this wasn't just Ooppp We're In A Pickle Now! If they didn't drop their sense of obligation to these 'sapians, then they wern't walking away from this one. Butters slips a small shard of a broken glass bottle, sliding it up and down their index finger and thumb.
Squirrels are known for their dexterity, being observed to use tools in the wild. From using sticks to clean their teeth....