title:          035
ID:             48
type:           md
compile:        2
charCount:      4927


To follow the dream back to the dreamer is a trifling task for the Baku, the tapir Yokai with the ability to traverse the dreamscape. Entering a dream gives them some indication of where in the physical world their subconscious is travelling too. This is how we find Tyard, the Baku from The Evermore, as he approaches the alleyway Butters had entered earlier. He didn't come straight here of course, Butters came out of their flashback around Milton street, but it didn't take long to follow the commotion and ask the nearby Monsters if they had seen them.
He slowly enters the alleyway to witness the aftermath of Butters' encounter, with the Monster themself sat against the side of the alleyway, mouthing something to themselves as they stare blankly at the wall. By their side was a pile of clothes and a hi-vis jacket, as well as the area around them, stained with a slight white discolouration. If Tyard didn't know any better the stains kind of come together to look like an arm out stretching towards Butters. The tapiar slowly tries to approach Butters hoping to break them out of their trance.
―Uuuuhh is that you Butters? Hey, heeeyy. Tyard says softy, while waving his hooves in front of Butters.
It's not immediate, but Butters does slip back into reality as they quickly survey the area to double check they weren't in any danger. After being satisfied, they study the Monster in front of them. It's an immediate recollection, they have met.
―It's you, from the party from years ago. Butters thinks aloud.
―Haha well, um... Noooo, that was just me entering your flashback, I wasn't actually there. Well I was there, like tonight I was there, but not whenever that memory was and... I'm sorry let's start again. Rambles Tyrad. HI. Yes, hello.
Tyrad holds out his hand clearly unsure what else to do with his body right now, Butters exploits this gesture by grabbing his hand to pull themselves up, nearly yanking Tyrad down with them in the process. After getting up the two walk to the entrance of the alleyway as Butters pulls out a cigarette and a lighter. Tyrad continues on:
―So yes, I found you by entering your dreams, day dreams I guess. I'm sorry it took a little while I was just a bit confused there was two of you? I know it's not gauche to assume everyone's a... Oh what's the word? Singleton? Singdom? Straight-brained? Aaahh I'm probably being really offensive right now, I'm so embarrassed!
―Okay First: It's singlet, Second: All THIS is cute and all, but you're spending a lot of time acting a plural ally and not enough explaining why you went into my dreams without my consent Tyard? Butters replies, their mood considerably more sour. Like even just then I know your name is Tyard, like you didn't introduce yourself to me, I HATE this. It's super fucked up to do that man, what do you like know about me now tha-
Tyard's body language, which was already closed, now somehow is eradicated the vacuum around him to become even smaller. He lets out some stammering in an attempt to interrupt Butters to give an explanation.
―I know it's bad, it's bad! I normal wouldn't but your friends where worried about you and they insisted! They also LIED cos they said you wouldn't get mad, and you're getting mad!
Butters takes a minute to process this information. Their friends? But Butters doesn't have any friends... Oh wow okay, let's analyse that sentence later. But nether the less, who could he mean? Tyard perhaps picking up on the confusion on Butters face clarifies:
―There was two of them, the uhhh the foot horse woman and the Scottish lady? Tho I'm sure she was a Monster too. They asked me to find 'A Western Grey Squirrel' and well, that sure looks like you!
Butters tries their best to hide the trifecta of shame, disappointment and embarrassment, creeping on their face, as they were hoping a description of Chelsea was about to follow. But, wow Butters didn't know how to feel about hearing this, even after running away from them, Gor' and Ideas was still worried about them? Butters takes a long exhale as they can no long hold back the shame washing over them.
Tyard at this point looks at the uniform on the floor, as he slowly figures out what uniform he is looking at. He starts to bite the walls of his hooves in worry as he paces back and forth. Butters shoots the baku a look, but he doesn't elaborate further on this. After a while he turns to the squirrel
―Okay uuhh, we really need to get back to your friends. They said once I got you to find them around Victoria Centre. Tyard explains.
Butters just gives a "Alright" as they start to head in that direction. They did not like the sense of urgency they sensed in his voice about what should be a relatively simple 3 minute walk from where they currently were. Butters tried to put it at the back of their mind, hoping walking into a situation with enough ignorance and uninformed optimism will be enough to swing fortune in their favour.