title:          037
ID:             54
type:           md
compile:        2
charCount:      10605


In the chaos of swings being thrown and bodies being lobbed across the table, Butters tried their best to keep their grip on Tyard as not to get separated. The act of exiting this rumble was surprisingly difficult, perhaps only 2 or 3 seconds had passed, but the act of dodging any incoming fists, legs, knees, entire persons, bottles, bats, chairs, shoes, boots, sandwiches, bags of shopping and at some point a vibrator? Well it felt like hours. Eventually the pair managed to back themselves up to the outskirts of the brawl... In the other direction, finding themselves back in the open area of Trinity Square.
Butters drags their paws down their face as Tyrad tugs on the sleeve of their jacket.
―What's our plan now? Do we go around? He asks.

Well the whole idea of going this way in the first place is that it cuts through two main roads. Upper Parliament Street was likely swarming with Huntsman who were looking out for them both. Meanwhile Burton Street was literary what Butters was running from,near where they grabbed that MERH. Butters had to decide what Awful Choice between them roads was The Least Awful. But while they were stacking up their odds, they heard a voice call out to them they hadn't heard in years. (Unless you count the flashback in which case that was 10 minutes ago.)
―Butters? Is that you?
The Squirrel turns around back to the scrap where they see a Monster: A Rabbit, very clearly recently ejected from the crowd, cobble himself together. They re-adjust their newsboy cap, which is a navy blue that matches the colour of their pea coat. But this is contrasts by their black suit trousers which sported a white chain link design, which didn't completely reach down to their Chelsea boots. This attire threw them off a little bit, but it dawns on Butters they know this person.
―Sawyer? Is that you? Asks Butters.
Sawyer darts towards Butters and grabs both of their paws as they bob up and down with a look of elation on their face.
―Yes it's me! Ooohh I'm so happy you remember
―Yeah yeah same! It's so good to see you again, your transition is going amazing by the way. Are you enjoying being a woman now?
―Nope, cos I'm not! Sawyer replies. I was a woman for a brief stint but, well I mean I'm still trans it's just... Did you know about this thing called a "Femboy"?
Butters smiles from ear to ear, while rubbing the side of Sawyers face, not unlike doing so to a baby cousin who's showing you a seashell for the first time. Like ooohhh honey, I'm so proud of you.
―So yeah it's still Sawyer and I'm back to he/him again. I dunno, the whole woman thing it wasn't really working out for me? Then I heard that people just like transition but they're still boys and like oh my gosh that's me! Oooohh Butters it's been so good, the hormones, letting my Monstrous flag fly, I'm so happy!
Sawyer clasps Butters paws again and hops up and down a little bit. Trans joy from Gender Euphoria is truely an infectious feeling, Butters even mirrors his little jumps.
―That's great news, hey you look so much happier man! Says Butters as a Huntsman gets throw across the table in their peripheral vision.
―Sooooo, what brings you here? How come your not still in Essex? Asks Sawyer, as the sounds of a glass bottle shattered on a fascists head ring out behind him.
―Oh you know... Had to get out to find my fellow queers.
―Oh yeah, yeah. Hey you ain't gotta tell me how it is.
―Well how about you? Did you come up here with Gris?
Sawyer looks a little into space, like someone who had just encountered their sleeper agent phrase. Butters is guessing that's a no?
―God Gris, Gris gris. That's a name I've not heard in years. Did he end up coming up here?
Butters gives a shrug in reply, Sawyer continues:
―You know that's a shout I should give him a message, god that was some of the best dick I've had in my life. Sawyer explains looking towards Tyard.
Tyard has known these two not even for a combined hour, now they're talking about getting their bussy fucked while a clash rages on behind them.
―THERE IS A 50 PERSON PUNCH UP GOING RIGHT NEXT TO US, I DON'T GIVE A FUCK ABOUT YOU GETTING DICKED RIGHT NOW WE HAVE TO GO!!! Tyard outbursts.
―Alright, alright... Prude. Replies Sawyer.
―Sadly lads, it's looking like our safest passage out of here is through... All of that. Butters explains gesturing towards a Seal Monster, currently holding two Huntsman in a headlock.
―Butters look out!! Yells Sawyer.

Alright hit the pause button. Yes, hello! Squirrels typically also have a second trick up their sleeve. Squirrels are fast, like traversal in a blink of an eye kind of fast. But Squirrels can't make these instant traversals over huge distances. Of course Animal adjacent Monsters are granted a natural quicker speed then their human or non-animalistic Monster counterparts, but not 'I blinked and now you're across the street' sort of fast. But short distances of a meter max are the typical range for Squirrels.
Of course this is the ability Butters tapped into as they reflexively shift a few feet backwards. Timing perfectly with a steel pollard, the kind used with cloth tied together to block off a restaurants outside area, slamming down where Butters once stood. A small breeze accompanied the sheer velocity required to travel that short distance so instantly, with Sawyer needing to keep his paws on his newsboy cap. All three Monsters looked on at their attacker as he regains his balance. It's almost not worth wasting the time to describe his appearance. Have you ever had a dude call you a faggot from across the street on a night out? Then you know what he looks like, you know what he was wearing. An absolute default template of a man.
―See that? That's what we mean, you're all superpowered freaks. If we Humans don't protect ourselves, protect Humanist interests, then we're gone. Says the Huntsman seconds after they tried to murder Butters in broad daylight.

Exploiting the three Monsters attempting to survey their surroundings and options, the Huntsman dives towards Sawyer immediately and grabs their collar. Sawyer gives a panicked glance towards Butters and gives them something of a nod, Butters figuring perhaps they were signalling they'd be back. But back from where?
The answer came soon after as Sawyer gazed up towards the moon and started to, well I supposed you'd describe it as their body matching the Moon's shine. Before they knew it Sawyer disappeared, it was so quick but you would swear that he shot up as moonlight towards it's direction... Butters has no further explanation as to what just happened then that. Butters even gave a quick glance to the moon to see if that would explain anything further. They didn't think it looked any different to before, maybe it was just their mind trying to conjure up an explanation, but maybe the famous Hare In The Moon pattern looked a little more pronounced then before?
The Huntsman look around, to try and ascertain where the Rabbit had gone, Tyard leans towards Butters and whispers in their ear:
―Listen, I know it's an ask but: If you can knock this guy out, I can eat his 'dreams'.
―...Yeah? Is that good? Asks Butters.
―It'll mean we won't have to deal with him as we slip out. Explains Tyard. Like we don't even need to knock him out, just get him in a state of unconsciousness takes over, like if he's about to pass out and I can do it.

With an objective in mind Butters mind is a little more clear, they dart over to a nearby vacated table and throw a coffee cup into the air... At 1 in the morning? Coffee? I mean whatever Butters isn't judging.
The Huntsman however reacts to this instantly by lunging to grab a table and lifts it over his head, to which the coffee cup came crashing back down and is blocked by it. The Huntsman throws the table back down as he addresses Butters.
―The copper warned us about you Squirrel, that trick's not gonna work on us.
While he was distracted behind him a shot of moonlight seemed to drop behind him. From this phenomena the silhouette of Sawyer began to form and without missing a beat, even while he was still materialising from starlight, he grabs a chair from nearby and decks the Huntsman on the back of the head. The Human lunges forward in pain, y'know understandably, can't hold that aginst him, and Butters sees this as the chance to knock him out. They clenched their right paw and clasp their left one over it, as they aim their elbow directly at the Human's jaw. Then once again they shift their position a short distance in an instant. But it was a distance enough to connect with the Humans jaw, letting out a satisfying crunch. The Huntsman goes flying back into another table, breaking the legs and collapsing along side him.
Butters gives Tyard a look, as if expecting him to take care of the next step, but the Tapir just looks back at Butters confounded. Butters has to quickly assume this means the guy isn't down yet, even after being flung into a table? Ugh sturdy cunt this one is! Was this the one night out gammons decide to stay sober? What are the odds!? Butters goes over to the broken table hoping to give the guy one last stomp and put him in some state of unconscious. Unfortunately, The Human predicted this move and lunges for Butters. The Squirrel instinctively gears up for another elbow strike, albeit a normal one without momentum and this was their great mistake. Predicting this move the Huntsman grasps Butters' eblow with one hand and grabs their other wrist with the other, locking them in place.
Thoughts are racing through Butters mind, shit shit shit, what are they gonna do? This guy is gonna ruin them if they don't do something now. Would a headbutt do? Well he'll probably respond with just as much velocity maybe even more. A kick? But with their arms out of comission would he not be predicting that? Shit shit shit.
But during this moment of panic Butters feels a great force come behind both of them, that knocks both the Huntsman and Butters to the floor.

Luckily Butters was able to cover their head from impact and was able to get back on their feet quickly. They were surprised by the scene that laid before them, the Huntsman was on the ground with someone's knee pressing against their neck, well a horses knee were: It was Ideas'
Tyard sees the Huntsman is slowly passing out and gets closer to the scene. He sticks both his hooves out as it looks like he strongly concentrates. Butters wonders if this was a requirement, or if Baku's are typically passive with their ability, but this was an instance of needing to tap into this ability quickly.
The three Monsters look on as Tyard starts to intrude on the Huntsman's mind.