title:          039
ID:             52
type:           md
compile:        2
charCount:      4521


They left the Huntsman mouthing something to himself, as he sat slouched against the wall staring into the nothing that he now resides.

Ideas' managed to push through the scuffle with Butters, Sawyer and Tyard riding on their back (Butters and Tyard had secretly hoped the night would end like this, Centaurs get that a lot). They ended up at the end of Wollaton Street as Tyard was the first to leap off Ideas' back, rubbing the inside of his thighs.
―Ugh sorry, I'm not used to this i need a minute. Ouch ouch ouch. He murmured to himself, still rubbing.
Butters and Sawyer take this opportunity to climb off too.
―Cheers for the save back there Ideas'. Thanks Butters
―Well I figured a simple 3 minute walk may of been asking for too much from you. Ideas' Replies snappily.
There's a bit of a tense silence at the ferocity of Ideas' reply. But Sawyer timidly breaks it.
―Ummm, I'm Sawyer, it's nice to meet you Ideas'
The Centaurs body language loosens as she unfassen her arms, after given a little sigh she replies.
―It's nice to meet you too Sawyer, are you with these muggins?
―Oh I mean yes. Well no actually. I met the Baku tonight, but I know Butters from yonks ago. Explains Sawyer.
―Oh? Were they as much of a Sapian' sympathiser then as now. Ideas' says as she shoots Butters a petered look.
Sawyer laughs, unaware of the subtext on display here.
―Oh Butters, are you still chasing Humans? Yeah they were like that even back then. Sawyer recalls. In fact that's how we met, they were on the pull at this house party. Gosh I should clarify: I entered that house party a Human and left a queer trans Rabbit thanks to Butters.
Ideas' pauses a little in confusion, this anecdote seemingly contradicting the person they had to suffer tonight.
―Butters helped you metamorphise? Asks Ideas'
―Oh meta... Is that what they're calling it now? But yeah, they told me I could be femmey butch werewolf inside me if I wanted too. I mean turns out what was inside was a little femboy rabbit, but i'm happier honestly so it worked out for the best!
Sawyer grabs Butters by the paws as he continues.
―And Butters was the one who found me in the bathroom as my Monstrous bits where coming in, they rallied round all the other Monsters at the party and they took such good care of me.
Butters cold dead heart, thawed out hearing this praise. It did hit them... They used to be a good person, why wern't they that person anymore.
Ideas', perhaps sensing Butters is more of a complicated person then the Human bootlicker they had witnessed tonight, shot them another look. But one with significant softness then before, Butters could feel the animosity drain from the Centaurs gaze. A tender moment, if it wasn't for the fact that Sawyer was not done:
―One of the Monsters they introduced me too, like wooooosh. The first and honestly? Best dick I've had in my life. Sawyer recounted in a bragging tone.
Butters laughed, letting go of a tenseness themselves.
―I remember your roommate; Rosie, said it was the happiest noise that ever left your body. Butters recounted.
―Oh my gooosshh Rosie! I havn't seen her in yonks, how is she? Asks Sawyer.
Almost as soon as they let it go, a tenseness and frigidness returned to Butters' body.
―Yeah, uuhhhh. I mean I dunno, you kept speaking to them longer then I did I reckon. Butters replies.
Sawyer senses the drop in Butters tone and knows not to pursue this questioning further.
―So where is Gor'? Asks Butters.
―Oh she won't be joining us, she's gonna well... Deal with... Ideas' replies as they edge their head backwards towards Trinity Square.

Just then lighting strikes out of nowhere, centring around the spire that sits on top of Victoria Centre. Just then Butters tastes something in the air, the lick their own lips and taste the slight sensation of salt, reminds them of being on the beach somewhat. Just then they spy the Huntsman, who number even more then before, with a few police officers scattered in between running from the square. Only to be met by a huge wave of water crashing into them from their sides, any Human who stood their previously lingered no longer after the waves had subsided.
Gormshuil Mhòr na Maighe, Witch of the Sea.
A feeling drains from Butters instantly, the feeling that comes with knowing you were just casual with someone you were unaware commanded such power. Usually just 'they're famous' but I guess Butters found out that also extends to: Can command the Oceans at will.

Ideas' turns their side towards the Monsters.
―Okay that's enough, we gotta get out of here pronto.