title:          040
ID:             55
type:           md
compile:        2
charCount:      9383


Ideas' walks back to the park bench where the others were waiting for her. She carried back two carrier bags full of small boxes filled with southern fried chicken pieces and chips.
―Sorry everyone, the only place that was still open at this time of night was the chicken place, but we got a discount cos they were closing up. Ideas' explains.
―Awwwh what? The Polish place wasn't open? I was craving Pierogi. Complains Butters.
Ideas' hands Sawyer and Tyrad their box of food.
―Sorry brother, it's the classic walk of shame special: Chicken and chips. Oh and the money we saved on this? Just call that my taxi fee to get you mugs here.
Butters rolls their eyes as they're handed their meal box.

The Monsters find themselves in a little public park, just outside of the supermarket at Hydson Green. Typically this spot would occupied by the locals pretty much 24/7, but tonight is uncharacteristicly empty. Perhaps on the account of the whole; 'sea flooding the city square not even a mile away' thing. I mean honesty? That's fair, you couldn't knock 'em for it.
Butters realised this was the first time in a long while tonight, that they could catch their breath. Where the adrenaline had a chance to wear off, their breathing could return to normal and their thoughts were beginning to process slower then an entire novel a minute. They glanced by both their sides and just saw the Monsters they had ended up with sharing this nice snapshot of time with them. No fighting against a current to be permitted to co-exist with them in some way they just... Ended up here. Butters fought tooth and nail to not end up HERE again, but if this was fate demands well... At least it's nice. It dawns on the Squirrel however, they don't know hardly anything about one of the Monsters present with them today.
―Hey now we've got a minute to not be running for our lives...
At this point Ideas' leans down to the bench and knocks on the wooden frame.
―I was just wondering, Tyard we only just met tonight, I don't know anything about you.
The Baku sits upright suddenly as he hears Butters say this, as if he had been called up to the class.
―I guess me and Ideas' know Butters so we have that tertiary association, but what's your connection to all this? Asks Sawyer.
―Oh well, I mean he was about when everything kicked off so Gor' asked him and anyone else in the pub we were all at, to look out for Butters. Ideas' explains.
―Y... Yeah, I was just having a nice quiet night, then the Human THIS one... Explains Tyard as he points towards Butters. Was trying to mack on, her mates bottled me cos I won a bet with them.
Butters in a rare act of humility, puts their paw around Tyard’s shoulder and brings him in.
―I'm really sorry you got roped into this and I'm sorry to all of you for running away from the pub. I guess that was the inciting incident that got all of you here right?

Ideas' scoffs to themselves a little, a lingering horse-esqe vocal quirk she had.
―It's not just that, it was you braining that cop too. Ideas' explains.
―Well okay, not gonna apologise too much for that he was gonna do who knows what to me. Butters argues.
Ideas' boy language lunges into more exaggerated movements, this had clearly struck a chord with her.
―But why did it have to be tonight, of all nights?
Butters looks confused at the Centaur.
―Why is tonight a special night? Asks Butters.
Tyard and Sawyer immediately give A Look, you know the one, the sides of their necks stick out as the same side of their mouth raises as they suck a little it of air in. Oooof.
―Oh my god, OF COURSE you didn't know! You're too busy cozying up with 'sapians and thinking engaging with your local Monsters is cringe, that of course you didn't know. Ideas' Outbursts. We've been in a stalemate with the cops for a few weeks now, ever since a Monster successfully took one of them to court over beating her black and blue in a riot van, over shoplifting some crisps. They didn't like the negative press, or that the public opinion sided with the Monster for once. They've been wanting to get their revenge on us ever since, patrolling town every Friday and weekend night trying to 'catch us out'. So we've had to be careful for a while now and you'd KNOW THIS if you actually hung out with any Monsters Butters! We've made sure to tell every Monster in town about it.

Butters sighs to themselves, it's that feeling again, the mix of shame and disappointment. But with a twinge of well... Maybe they did want to repair this crevasse they had created. But maybe that's a fleeting feeling that's a result of Monster giving them attention right now, who knows, they dunno, uugghh.
―Hmmmm, well you saaaaaaay that. Sawyer interrupts. But Butters didn't start it did they? Least the big brawl in Trinity Square, It was that guy who threw the chair wern't it?
―Sawyer, my guy, they KILLED a police officer!? Retorts Ideas'
―Pfffffft plausible deniability, who can actually prove that? Well unless you left out details on the way here?
―No it was pretty much as they said, least when I found them anyways. Tyard elaborates.
―Exactly, and like the chair throwing guy said: Someone was gonna snap eventually.
―But we could've had time, we co-
Before Ideas' could finish, a chicken bone bops her nose.
―Anyways sush. Sayer commands after throwing the bone. You're letting Tyard dodge the question!
―Wha, what question? Tyard asks.
―Just y'know... What's your ddeeaaalll?? Asks Butters as they and Sawyer both lean over to get uncomfortably close to Tyard.
―Nothing! Nothing's my deal, I just came to the Evermore for a quiet night listening to the house band! Answers Tyard.
The pair retains uncomfortable eye contact for a minute or two, before Sawyer sighs and reclins back to his seat.
―The coy treatment ey? Well it's okay we all got plenty of time. Announces Sawyer.
―Wait, what do you mean? Asks the Tapir
―Well this ain't gonna be the last time we all see each other innit? We'll have all the time in the world to find out about ya when we next hang out.
The other three shift around a little awkwardly, I guess no one decided they were friends now or even confidants outside of this very specific context. But Butters gave a smirk.
―Yeah of course, I'd love to hang out with you guys again.
The three Monsters on the bench look over to Ideas' expectantly, Ideas' after trying to 'awkward silence it out' gives in to the Monsters.
―Yes, well. Despite a stressful night I have to admit: Sawyer, Tyard you two seem nice. Ideas' admits, as she turns her head towards Butters. Yoouuuuuuu Butterssssss... Despite how much of a thorn you've been tonight, if Gor' says reckons you're a good person, then I know you are too. Don't let her know I said anything nice about her, but she's a great judge of character.
―Iiiisss that a wordy way of saying you'll hang out? Asks Sawyer.
Ideas' giggles to herself, as she nods in response.

This exchange gives everyone permission to let their guard down some what, to this new avenue of friendship. They all proceeded to swap digits and details, with Sawyer saying he'll make a group chat for them come tomorrow (~Sawyer And His Fellow Sea Fugitives!!!~). Ideas' takes this prompt to wrap things up.
―Okay before sunrise I had better get going, does anyone need a lift to their place?
Sawyer and Tyard's houses were close by, but still enough of a pain in the arse to accept Ideas' offer. Espec considering they were likely being looked for by nefarious actors. Butters declines.
―I actually just live over there you see.
They point towards a semi-detached house, just behind a block, meaning a literal block shape, of apartments. It couldn't of been more then 20 seconds or so away from where the group was standing.
Satisfied with their reply, Sawyer and Tyard start to clime up onto Ideas' back, as Sawyer gives a big showy yawn.
―Well, I'll be seeing you. I'm probs gonna go straight to bed. Announces Butters.
―No such luck here, I gotta slip back into town after dropping you lot off. Ideas' quips.
―Ooohhhh of course, to check on Gor'?
―Naaaah Gor's a big girl I'm sure she'll be fine. I mean I gotta pick up my date.
―O.. Oh?
―Yeah that's what I was waiting at the Evermore for, she had a late shift at the hospital so I gonna meet her after.
―God now that you mention it, I met a tasty thing tonight before the brawl. I better give him a text see if I'm still in there. Sawyer comments.
―I was meant to be home hours ago, my boyfriends probably worried sick. Tyard frets.

Admittedly this struck a chord inside Butters, somehow despite everything they had ended up back where they started, they only mug without a date surrounded by happily taken Monsters... Nah fuck that actually, let's not let Rejection Sensitivity win! They had started this night on the pull all on their own and ending the night an absolutely loser. But now they had made three new comrades. Maybe this is way Valentines provides as you get older? I'm sure this is better... Yeah, these connections will mean more then just fucking some two-bit and saying see you later the next morning. No this is better, this was good! This was better.
These are the thoughts Butters repeats to themselves as they head back to their home. This usually isn't enough to stave away the Rejection Sensitivity bit of their BPD. But it'll be different this time, this WAS a good night. Butters keeps repeating these points ad nauseam as they head off into the night.

No this IS better...