title:          043
ID:             62
type:           md
compile:        2
charCount:      9103


After a good nap throughout the afternoon come the night, Chloe was coming up to the tail end of their illness. But it comes at that cost of you rested so much during the day you end up a little restless in the evening. A breif respite before sleep demands your attention once again. Chloe lay on her bed staring bug eye'd at the ceeling. Her bluetooth speaker lay on her bedsite cabnet, shaped like a lucky cat, with the speaker coming out of the middle. It had been vandalized by Chloe to look a little more like herself, a make shift earing as well as a ring on the tail, a chip in it's ear and with her white streak painted on. Blaring through the speaker was an old favourite song Chloe get's nostalgic on Valentines day:

Ooohh, dig your fangs into my neck baabyy ♫
Let me see the love drain from your eye ♪
Ooh, dig your fangs into my neck baby ♫
Lose your compasion under the moon lit sky ♪

It makes Chloe think about Butters. Spesficly she recalls one of their most treasured memories: It was one of the first time they heard this song, well any song made bh a Monster played in their local! They stil remember that night, a little... Y'know what? Chloe reckons it's gonna do her no good to replay the past again and again like this, she's not Butters.
She sighs. Yeah, it was a good call to get too sick to go out by smoking in the rain for all that time. Ugh, it's been YEARS, she canne keep being hung up on this bloody Squirrel like this. But on days like today it's hard, her mind keeps wandering.
She turns her head towards her bedroom wall, filled with posters of Catgirls from the shows and games Chloe grew up with. Lacking any real Monster representation this was the closest thing for her. Who were they? Well to avoid copyright let's say... It's Felicity, Yellow Eyes, Cataren aanndd Cheatar... You all can figure it out. Normaly she would look at these posters for insporation. Typicaly they work if Chloe is trying to psyche herself up to throwing paws with a bunch of 'Sapians. But for matters of the heart or mind, I guess there's more to it then just being hot and strong. I know. Seems impossible right? But that's something you learn as you pass half way on the road to 30.

As if on cue for a distraction her phone starts to go off. The screen is still on the chat between her and Chord, which had a new message after a several hour break of Chloe knocking off to sleep. The Cat grabs the phone to see the new message was a photo of, well what Chloe had to assume was a Harpy or Bird like Monster based on the feathers and talons. Except instead of typical bird-like features around her face, she had a typical Sapian-esque features save two big diffrences: Her skin was all a shade of bright hot red and poking out from her snow white hair; her nose was comedicly long. Like actualy in a whimiscal non-antisemetic way like Pinocio or something. Chloe summized this was a Tengu.

>A new friend I made tonight
>>What do you think?
>>FreeFlyer_GayRider
>>✓Seen 01.29

Yeah, Chloe thought to herself, that tracks. While Chord was in no way exclusive to her taste in Monsters, she... Well Monsters in general tend to gravitate towards thoese who share their experience of the world. A Monster would never turn their nose up at another of their kin reaching across the isle as it were, but also it's just nice to have to give a 101 primer of your life experiences every single time. Avains spesficly have A Time with living on the ground as a society designed around an anthro-typical experience deamnds, there's just a peace knowing the Monsters you're talking to has that instinctive know. Chloe was part way through replying before deciding she truly cannot be arsed, as she starts to call Chord back:

―Oooiiii ooiiiii. Opens Chloe, with her smirking ear to ear somehow being audabile on the phone.
―Oh my god Clo' she is SO fit right? I might die, the air and moisture may just leave my body completely as my ribs collapse as I lay in the street. Gushes Chord. Sorry that's dramatic but I've been holding that in all night.
Chloe laughs to herself.
―I take it, well hoping you're at least out of earshot right now?
―Yeah yeah I'm just on a ciggy break, she's still inside with the others.
―It's like 9 million o clock man, are you at hers?
―Just a little after house party. Mega lowkey cos there was a big punch up in town, but I mean fingers crossed right?
―Are you in?
―No I just said I'm on a ciggy break, idiot.
―Tch, shut up man. Like are you in with her?
―Well I mean we got off, but so has everyone with everyone else at this gig. I gotta do the the awkward like... "Are we getting GETTING off right now?"
―Oh my gooood. "Uhhh do you Like LIKE me?"
Chord starts bursting out laughing.
―"Do you like LIKE pinky swear under the swings like me?"
―"Do you wanna trade Scoobies?"
―"Here's mine, but you can't trade it cos it's special"
Both Monsters burst out laughing for a little while.

―But no serriously if you have a Scoobie that'll seal the deal. Advises Chloe.
―I got a lighter I found in the bar toilet from earlier. Replies Chord.
―I mean that's equal in value right?
―I don't think it's working Clo'
―But think of the sentimental value once you give it to her!
Just then Chloe could hear the sound of a door closing on the other end?
―Oh my god is that her? Asks Chloe.
―haha good one Chloe, glad to hear you're doing okay. Replies Chord clearly trying to obfuscate Chloe's voice.
―Are you gonna tell her you wanna get in that Tengussy tonight?
―OH DEAR! SO SORRY TO HEAR ABOUT YOUR FRIEND! Yells Chord.
Chloe chuckles a little to themselves.

―Okkaaayyyy I'll let you get one.
―Whoa whoa wait a minuite. Protests Chord. How is YOUR night going?
Chloe shifts a little in place, uncomfortably.
―Oh y'know, having a nice quiet one. WAs about to re-heat some cod bites from the fridge.
―Yeah alright, but HOW are you?
Chloe lets the question sit a little bit in the scilence.
―I mean y'know it goes...
―Are you letting You Know Who bring down your night?
―Nah, I mean based on Noises I think they went out on their own in the end.
Chord loudly sighs with an annoyed inflextion
―Of course and I'm guessing they havn't spoken to you at all?
―Not since they got back
―Oh they're home?
―Yeah, yeah an hour ago I reckon.
There's a extended scilence.
―Aaaannddd nothing? You didn't speak to them? Or vice versea?
―Well no...
―Even though it's clearly bothering you?
There's another scilence, a mix of annoyance and sympathy that can only come from a conversation that has happened many times before.
―Just don't let them ruin your entire week huh Clo'? What are you doing next weekend, let's link up.
The two Monsters arranged plans to meet up the following weekend, before letting Chord go to chat up the Tengu again. Chloe really appriciates Chord's firm but fair approach to all of this. She's gotta be so fed up by now liiikkkeee.

Chloe considers Chord's advice for a moment. I mean they're probably just right there, one little staircase away. Butters clearly came back alone, it must've not gone well tonight. She could just... Pop in? See how they're doing? Chloe knew better though, they'd probably just be on the end of a hysterical rant about how Monsters are the worst and Chloe would leave feeling inferior to the Human that Butters would rather of spent the night with. Ugh no, Chloe promised they wouldn't go down this thought train, not tonight. 
What the Cat wouldn't give to have it the other way round. 
That Butters would come rattling on their bedroom door. 
That they'd be standing on the otherside when Chloe opened that door. 
That they'd greet Chloe with warmth, comfort and a smile, as they stand in the doorway. 
That they'd enter into Chloe's room like it's a home. 
That they finaly understood from another night of feeling the sting of Humanities rejection. 
That they got the love they craved was by their side this entire time.
As Chloe let this scnerio run in their head, their paws start to breach the wasitline(?) of their jogging bottoms, as they slide down. The very top of the pad on her finger, hovering just above her clit, her paw shaking with anticipation.
Chloe doesn't know what they'd do, maybe they start off watching movies, laying side  by side on the bed. They would both laugh, turn their heads at the same time, bump noses, a threshold torn, their tail would brush up Chloe's leg, as Butters breath would travel across Chloe's cheek. The Squirrel would climb on top of Chloe, their claws digging into the top of The Cat's navel, apollogising the entire time as they leans in and locks their lips with hers an-
Chloe jolts up from her bed immeditly. haha OOKKAAAYY maybe it's time to get thoese cod bites huh? Before she wanks the entire night away. It's just aaahhh oh dear, the everpresent dread of knowing you need to sleep stoping you from ariving anywhere near close to sleep! Chloe reckons maybe some warm milk along with the bites will get her drowsy, as she starts to head... Offf. Okay, after waiting for her dead leg to pass from napping all day, she starts to head downstiars to the kitchen.

Ugh it's a little embarasing she thinks, how much that enby has complete control of her thoughts...