title:          044
ID:             63
type:           md
compile:        2
charCount:      6972


Chloe stretches out their back, while also tending to their triceps as they approach the living room. She notices that the entire room has been cleared out, meaning Lousid and his partners must've headed back to his room in the basement. Mercifully a low hum from his television plays out from the floor, Chloe being grateful for not hearing whatever these sounds are intended to obfuscate. Tho on further listening, there wasn't complete silence in their surroundings. Chloe could hear the clanks and tingles of the kitchen cabinets being rummaged through.
―...Butters? Chloe asks vaguely to the sound.
Just as she asked this, Ell peers her little head from the open cabinet door, clutching the blender in both of her arms.
―Wow you look like shit! Heeeey Chloe!~ Greets Ell.
―Yeah yeah you too, li- ...Wait what are you doing? Asks Chloe absentmindedly.
Ell looks around their surroundings for a little bit with confusion, before looking down at the blender they're holding.
―Oh this? It's our blender. Explains Ell
―I know, bu-
―OKAY YOU GOT IT OUT OF ME: I'm making a second milkshake for Butters. I know they asked me for some water, but I think: What is wanting water? But wanting a general liquid? And what better general liquid then their favourite liquid?
Ell goes back to their task of setting up the blender and she starts scooping in (by hand) ice cream into the container. Chloe's face starts to become more animated upon hearing this.
―O... Oh you've spoken to them? Well, are they doing okay? I must’ve been knocked out when they came in.
―Ooohh you don’t need to worry about that!
―So they’re okay?
―No! They’re awful, relapsed and everything! But don’t worry, the good friend Ell is ON, that’s ON the case!
Ell had spilled half of the contents of the milkshake all over the kitchen top due to thrusting the container in the air as she spoke. Chloe creases her face clearly worried by the content of Ell’s reply, despite the dissonant upbeat tone of it.
―If you can't get into it I und-
―OKAY YOU GOT IT OUT OF ME: They killed a cop.
Chloe leans on the kitchen hen top barely containing the shock on her face, in fact she let out a little giggle at how casually Ell blurted that information out. Maybe even a bit of happiness? Does Chloe dare hope this isn't a classic Ell tall tale and Butters is... Coming around to the Monsters side?
―Like Butters, OUR Butters? Are you sure? Chloe asks in disbelief.
―Yuh uuhhh, tho they seem more upset about the y'know... Crippling loneliness following rejection sensitivity as they couldn't find a single person to join them for Valentines and it dawned on them how truly alone in the world they are but y'know... I think the cop thing's worse! Ell explains.
Chloe kind of shifts a little in place, any feeling bad they had about ducking out on tonight just got about three times as worse. However she snaps out of this stupor pretty soon as Ell grabs the collar of her shirt:
―Chloe be honest, are we... Going to Hell? Or Jail? Or both? OR SUPER HELL? The Axolotl asks.
Chloe gently pushes Ell away from their person as they ruffle her hair in a bid to calm her down.
―No Ell we're not going to jail, they got people responsible for these kind of things y'know? For when a Monsters has to defend themselves and maybe Humans let's say... Frail frames can't cash in the cheque they write when they try to kill us. Trying to think... The MPC? No the MCP I think they're called? Monster... Community... Persons? Anyways they're the ones that swoop in and clean up after a Human turns into... Aahh what's the word.
―The Goop? Suggests Ell
―I mean, I guess? Yeah The Goop. They clean up the Gloop, so Butters and by extension: Us, are gonna be fine.
Ell makes a big sigh of relief, before going back to finish their milkshake related task. As she starts to blend all the ingredients together Chloe taps Ell on the back. Turning around the Axolotl sees in her friends paws a small bottle of extract.
―Stick this in it, they brought it the other day to give their milkshakes that nutty taste they like. Explains Chloe.
Ell grabs the bottle and examines a little bit before shrugging and adding a few drops into the container. Well if Chloe says so! Specifically she did, so Ell has a perfect patsy if it's awful! If it's amazing she can simply take all the credit, a win-win! As Ell finishes up her creation and starts to take the glass of milkshake upstairs Chloe stops her for a moment.
―Ell, do'yer know if Butters took their meds tonight? They got a new top up yesterday.
Now that she brings it up, Ell did notice an incredibly unopened container of Butters’ No-Sad Pills when she first entered the kitchen. She didn’t really get why but knew this was a bad thing, she lightly shakes her head towards Chloe. The cat lets out a low growl as she drags her paws down her face, continuing as she re-entered her room. OOOOOP. Well Ell didn’t know she was dobbing anyone in so she stopped feeling guilty about it after 2 seconds. She happily starts bobbing up the stairs having completed her mission~

As her cod bites were heating up in the oven, Chloe paces back and forth in the room. There's no just point of view where the smirk that crept on her face upon hearing Butters doing some absolutely unhinged shit tonight, wasn't a little fucked up. Chloe knows not to get her hopes like this, but she couldn't help falling down the hope of hypotheticals immediately. Was this the night? The night Butters stops pining for Human acceptance and embraced their Monstrous siblings solidarity? It always feels like they're one incident away from the penny dropping, but Chloe knows more formative incidents have happened but... Eventually they slip back to where HERE was... But what if!? WHAT IF!?!? At the very least Butters was clearly In A Way right now and needed their friends... And their meds, and Chloe could provide both.
She turns her back to the kitchen as she leans against the unit. She sighs as she looks towards the ceiling.
―Alright lass, there's no need to announce you're in love with them tonight. You just need to be there for them so they know we all care about them. Chloe whispers to herself.
―Oh they'll love to hear that I'll let them know! Replies Ell
Chloe nearly slips and falls on their arse in fright at the Axolotl's unannounced arrival.
―Wha-a-a-a a-b-b-bbuuu???? I thought you went upstairs?? Asks Chloe.
―I did! But I forgot my phone!
Ell then reaches for the Kitchen top and grabs... Well what Ell insists is a phone, it looks more like a virtual pet toy from the 90's, a flip device with bright block colours. Chloe is almost annoyed at themselves they didn't clock such a gaudy bit of kit from the offset. Before they can get their thoughts together Ell is already skipping towards the stairs, ignoring Chloe's attempts at getting their attention. Chloe's heart rate skyrockets with panic for a moment, though this passes not too long after as a realisation comes to Chloe's thoughts:

It's not like they don't already know anyways.