title:          046
ID:             66
type:           md
compile:        2
charCount:      6058


At the back of the living room of the houseshare lies an inconspicuous door, sitting in the corner of two settees as if it wasn't ment to be occupied by any living persons. Well never underestimate someone as morally bankrupt as a landlord to Make Room for Rent. But thankfully this narrow passageway leads to the basement, without a shadow of a doubt the largest room in the entire place. It can almost be split into two halves, on the right as you come down is where Lousid has placed all his 'working furniture'. The wardrobes, a desk and chair, a spare bunk bed for non-kissy guests and also just the miscellaneous floor void where stuff like the vacuum cleaner live. To the left is a hoooooge bed, whatever is past king sized. A gigantic mattress held up by a second gigantic mattress pressed up against the wall (in no universe can these Monsters afford the custom bed frame required for this thing). The bed-like structure is facing a big wide-screen television that Lousid's polycule all pitched in to buy, after being annoyed of need to squint to see the significantly smaller TV that used to be there.
As Lousid rests his head on Sebastian's shoulder they continue watching the movie, The Man Who is a Gun Who is a Man, another stop on Ambers collection of So Bad They're Good movies she's been collecting on her aptly themed foxtail shaped USB. The movie shows a gruntled 'man dude' Human, covered in wraps and cuffs restraining his body, talking to another Human in an immaculate cream tuxedo and a golden monocle.
―Well Gun Man Boy Child Boy Man, it seems as if all your Gun bits from your peckturrets to your eyeshotckets. If only your finger, the only part of your body we didn't restrain was also a gun!
Gun Boy Man Child Boy's fingernail slowly recedes as the Human says this and a little barrel of a gun crawls out of the newly vacant hole, blasting the other Human's entire face off in a single blast.
―Pull my finger, which is what you should've done, but you didn't. He quips.
Watching this Ambler shuffles with some discomfort as she cuddles closer to Sebastian.
―I really hope they gave him aesthetic before they put that in there. She murmurs.

Despite the astronomical quality of the entertainment, Lousid couldn't quite find himself able to stay comfortable. No matter where he lay or how he step, he just kept fidgeting until he needed to sit up on his bed again. Sebastian gently traces their nails down Lousid's back for comfort before sitting up themselves, with Amber following in suit.
―You're never gonna sit right unless you get whatever's bothering you off your chest babe, go on let it out. Suggests Sebastian, apparently having no qualms interrupting the masterpiece of Man Child Gun Boy Child Child Man Gun Boy Man Child Boy Gun Gun Gun Gun (Gun).
Lousid feels overcome somewhat with a paralysis, something born of being indecisive or rather being unable to focus on what about how everything has gone down tonight just... Hadden't sat right with him. If Sebastian can already feel that he's bothered, he kind of wished they would surrender the words to him to, about what was wrong. Perhaps sensing this the Tanuki continues:
―Are you feeling a little bad about Butters tonight by any chance? Asks Sebastian.
Oh my god, thinks Lousid, stop being correct about everything about me you frustrating gorgeous lovely piece of shit fuck.
―Yeah, replies Lousid.
Both of The Sheep's companions shuffle from their lounging positions on the bed to sit next to him. Cross legged and leaning towards him to give him the opportunity to gather his thoughts.
―I... I-It's like it's... Hmmmm, y'know it's... aaahh.
For Lousid it's getting out that first word which is agony itself. Sebastian grasps his hand as Amber rubs his back, to let him know he can take all the time he needs, after 3 or 4 minutes of Ums and Aahhss and false starts he finds his words finally:
―It's like, I don't feeel like I was wrong for getting like... Shirty about Butters acting like we all HAD to go out tonight. I know this, I feel this, but I have that feeling of not holding a door for someone like perpetuity right now.
―Lousid aahh. Begins Sebastian. I'm trying to think of how to word this delicately.
Lousid's body language tensed up immediately, like a dog about to be told off for pissing on the carpet.
―You're right, you don't HAVE to do anything baby. Buuuuuut I think you would've also of not minded being there for your friend, even if it ment bend your plans a little?
Lousid shuffles a little to himself
―I think 'Friend' is a strong word. Explains Lousid. I mean we're all roommates.
―But didn't you want an all Monster house share to make friends tho? Reminds Amber.
―You only get out as much as you put in with stuff like this! Advises Sebastian.
Lousid gives both monsters the stink eye as he turns his head both way.
―Okay you two, is this the after-school intervention or what? Asks Lousid.
―Weeeellllll, we wouldn't bring this up if you didn't have a care in the world about it to be fair babe. Replies Sebastian. You could always just stop caring about it now.
Lousid crosses his arms in a way that conveys @You're right, no notes, but I'm mad about it.@ The Sheep gives a long sigh as he collapses onto Sebastian side again.
―Okay, tomorrow I'll offer them to hang out for tea or something. But it's down to them to accept the offer! Protests Lousid.
―Now that we've resolved that we should get back to the movie. Advises Amber. We're coming up to the bit where he gets his gundick out!
All three Monsters return to their previous positions, leaning against the head of their bed as the movie plays:

The Human is Looking own as Gun Boy Man Child Boy unzips the flies of his jeans
―HMPH, you think flattery will save you? Think I'm gonna turn of my death ray and give your pee penis a little kiss? Asks The Human
―Kiss this. Replies Gun Gun Gun Man Boy Gun Child Man.
As he says this, the scene cuts to a clearly puppeted dick, fires a shotgun-esque blast (including sound effects) disintegrating the Human into a pile of confetti.

Amber chef kisses the screen.
―Kino.