title:          047
ID:             68
type:           md
compile:        2
charCount:      7563


Because cognitive thought and logic is for losers and chumps, Chloe finds herself outside the house once again for a ciggy break. At least this time the weather was pleasant, a little humid heat even, so there was no risk of making her sniffles even worse. She bumps her cigarette from the carton, not a nicotine one mind, least not solely, but a locally made catnip one. Each major city typically has a constantly shifting network of provides, usually by Cat Monsters for themselves and spreading surplus. Of course like anything harmless but enjoyed by Monsters: It's illegal! The ways in which the government has to spin that this plant that cats happily sniff when spread on their toys, is somehow a epidemic killer to anthropomorphic life forms is genuinely a sight to behold. But this is why the joints themselves have to look so cigarette like and why the language around them is Like That.

Chloe is happily enjoying her cigarette and the eerie tranquillity that is a rarity around Hydson Green. But as she was finishing up her ciggy she notices a silhouette heading towards her house. It carried in itself a rigid stride, as if where it placed it's arms was calculated and preformed. No aspect of how this thing carried itself was natural, all to sell the very idea of 'Itself' with no room for alternative interpretation. As it drew closer all the telltale signs came to light: The shitty button up shirt with a footie uniform underneath, the musk of cologne and the reddest and baldest head you could simply imagine. But the most concerning of all, on the collar of the shirt was an enamel pin: A green silhouette of a hunter aiming a rifle on one knee.
A Human and on top of that: A Huntsman.
Chloe stares the Huntsman down from the end of her cigarette, half of her face obfuscated by the shade of the window frame.
―Can I help you mate? Chloe asks. You seem to be lost.
―Oh naaahh, I'm right where I need to be. Kitty kat. The Huntsman Replies.
Somehow, 'Kitty kat' was the worse thing this guy could've called her, she would've vastly preferred he just called her a slur.
Chloe ejects herself from the wall, as she slowly steps towards the Human. Her paw hanging to her side as she slowly unsheathes her nails.
―And where would that be? Asks the Cat.
―Tracking down your little friend: The Squirrel. All the lads have been looking for her after that stunt she pulled in town. But one call and we'll be able to protect ourselves. The Human replies.
―Protect yourselves?
―Yeah we'll get hundreds of Humans to swarm this house and follow you everywhere you go and make sure you cannot participate in society in any meaningful way. Y'know we're defending ourselves!
―Okay okay... So what you're saying is you're the only one who knows Butters is here?
―But after I hit send on this text th-

And that's all Chloe needed to hear, unsheathing the claw on their left hind paw, they round house kicked at just the right distance to claw an opening in the Huntsman throat. Despite the Hunstman trying his best to enact the simple command to his mind to move his thumb onto the send button, the suddenness and ferocity to which his life had just ended did not afford him the luxury. An uncomfortable amount of time passed where the Huntsman was frozen in place, and despite the new exit hole in his body not a drop of blood had passed. But eventually a drop or two of a translucent liquid started trickling down his next, then poured and then a torrent of this substance exited his body. There is a disconnect somewhat between what we know about the Human anatomy and the visuals Chloe was witnessing currently. More of this substances was leaving this Human's body then feasibly should be able to fit into their veins. Alongside this it's as if the Huntsman was deflating due to the lack of this goo keeping his body sustained, until eventually it collapses in on itself.
Horrible, a horrible thing to witness with your eyes, although Chloe doesn't shift their gaze even slightly. A display of body horror for you reader, but Monsters have always know this truth of Humanity. When the canon of Humanity is violated in which a sudden way, such as Humans being superior creatures to Monsters, in this case: Physically, the very structure of their existences comes a part at the seems. The truth and the narrative is disputed, so their humanity is taken away.
Chloe goes back to finishing their catnip against the wall of their house, as they spot a Monster in the sheltered housing across the street glancing at Chloe and what was left of the Human, which what didn't pour into the nearby drain, was now evaporating into the air.

Minutes later as Chloe was stomping out their cigarette, another silhouette was approaching their house. This one was significantly more loose in it's approach, probably due in part of peddling on a bicycle, likely hanging on by a single screw. The figure then leans their bike against the nearby broken wall which likely once connected to a front gate, made redundant by half of it being knocked down. He walks up to Chloe with a sense of familiarity before looking at the smoking remains at his feet and sighs.
―Hello again Chloe. Greets the Monster.
The Beetle, who had two pairs of arms was wearing a green bomber jacket, obviously intended for a Anthro-typicaly wearer, as below the sleeves were two wholes cut out to fit their second pair of arms. Chloe knows this Monsters: Flex, he seems to be the Monster that always turns up to clean up the small messes around Hydson Green. specifically if there's been a... 'Incident' of a Monster defending themselves against a Human.
Chloe raises their paw in greeting, as Flex moves the Huntsman Clothes to the back of their bike. He then grabs a handvac-esque device and starts to put it over the slight stains that the translucent goo left behind.
―Dare I hoped I would have a quiet night tonight considering what your mate has been up too. Explains Flex. Couldn't let them have all the glory I see?
―Oh yeah I heard about all that... Was it like a bad night for the MPC? Asked Chloe.
―How many times? It's MCP. Monster. Community. Project. And YES it was that bad, it ended with a sea witch, older then time itself, flooding town square.
Chloe was kind of impressed, when did Butters start getting into a clique like that? ...Oooops there's that hope again! Cut it out Chloe.
―And your MATE was the one who cast the first stone so I'm told, downed a copper in the alley, our agreement not to provoke them be damned I guess! And then the Hunstman didn't even wait for instructions just descended on town. Explains Flex, as he finished up his cleaning work. Starting to think they're taking after you Chloe.
Chloe could not stop the grin from climbing from ear to ear, the pride in Butters causing so much trouble and the very idea Chloe was having an influence on them. Oh god the hope, there it is again! But god could this be it? Could it be??? Well Alright era Butters?????
―I'll be sure to give them a talking two when I go inside Flex. Replies Chloe. But if you ask me about damn time we went on the offensive on Humans.
―Yeah well, easy to say when your not on the clean up duty payroll innit? Counters Flex. I'm happy you 'Dragon of Nottinghamshire' types get to live out your action movie fantasies, but just remember it comes with consequences for us who want a quiet life. I'm still healing from top surgery you know? If any Human taller then my waistline starts some shit I am capital F fucked.
―Okay Flex, I'll keep it in mind. Says Chloe, as she rolls her eyes and starts to put out her cigarette.